7000
we need to keep at least one of each tutopr
Is the non-aliens sol to backup not reduce to mnass?
now the subtasks can't troll me
ok well someone is right
It's not even heuristic tho.
oh my bad guys very sorry
which reduces to the same sol as urs
cuz u could also just mod
Like my 41.4 optimal delivery code delivers better than that 😒
ACTUALLY HARDER THAN TST
damn another nsb reserve 💀
i cbb to find more, there's plenty of opportunity for further golf
yk there's a video of a trump supporter refusing to condemn the nazis when explicitly asked about his opinion on hitler
It's like sorted by (complexity, language, elegance) 😔
jst tell me waht the algorithm does
wait so how is it ranked
y7s at my school are like that :notlikeblob:
How about Matthew isn’t allowed to get tetrises
but then u need to flush output
they made it internal the year after us ~~because of us~~
bruh i do not want Aucoding Academy in pinnacle
so how would you find diameter of graph
like a family friend?
i think my physics teacher says that the bottom 16% of scotch's physics cohort are top 8% in the state
Nah keep unnecessary roles
omg ayana got her hair cut? 👀
need to outsolve bruhopen on ghi
wait i’m doing a non atar subject next year
But yes that is correct.
imma deduces the names of lb right now
he gets benq to impl
english itself is scary enough
It was in a maths book.
i test with sqrt=3 usually
i thought that was rmb and was convinced you were trying to get me to buy a $1000 dress for a second
you parsed that wrong
and maybe spaceship shuffle?
Me when my whole row is orange in a field of green.
HIS NAME I CAN'T SAY.
mb i forgot the industrial revolution in 200 bc
wait r they the same
wait bruh i swear it worked like 5 secs ago
then u need interface no?
https://www.abc.net.au/emergency/warning/AUREMER-8f7189c2185c033330dffb6e2882c0e8
mournful or osmehting
i think that's mainly what gamble says
But then those values also change when there are multiple compoenents
https://www.chickenkoup.com/
hld except with an extra update which is add a new node as a child of any other node
bro why tf is it that when i join a informatics class in germany i suddenly get like 10 ppl who want my discord
ur webdriver thing was weird
prove they are independent
is that not everyone’s approach?
my nlogn was rly smart
is learning a treap worth the time
Because it doesn’t have to go all the way back to the start
whenever i write multiple 0’s it ends up like chained infinites
cant escape constant discord screen recording
that's why it looks so bad
i have written 0 practice essays and done 0 practice questions
lol ray u should verse irtiza
no more easy invasin
I'll just do the thing where you go like "diff this strange thing and it becomes the thing you wanna integrate".
and none of them work
bit too late to start a team, isn't it
what if multiple "black and to be connected by future black cells" are mutually connected
i am a big fan of books
woah that changed the rank a lot what
lol don’t take it personally
bruh this is literally just magic tree but inverted
bruh why is it like that
No but i like. headsolved
aiio still has 3 problems
@awu did your brother steal your computer
oh yeah int overflow
nah scoring by test case is such a scam
why would "bea" randomly send an ad
The jump pointer goes up, ladder goes down.
so i was like wtf why is it still alive
we can do justin ao meetup
I still dk what urs is
I’m running a hill climb on my bot basically
we hsould get people to redo the names
:justin1::justin2::justin3::justin4:
unless you made a new one
so we don’t have to wait for that one fat kid
before Arthur set up info club
So surely if you multiply those you get sec tan^2?
yeah i think you can
Hint: it’s easy! (Wa ppl should get the reference)
my code has some dumb bug in it
then u just implement
do metropolitan melbourne geoguessr
check the fario victims servver
I think I’m going to use lit
AND IT STARTS WITH MY YEAR 😭😭😭😭😭
but practice isn't going to get u to ioi ak
wait is aiio/fario part of nz tst
Yeah you have a point.
what is the last greek letter
and they require like 0 thinking
Actually make it so that your code can be compiled on a quantum computer but the resulting exe is run on a normal computer
“2” + “3” == int(“2”) + int(“3”) == 5 🤮
Bruh it’s literally just cycle chasing
can u just paste pinnacle 2 and throw all the queries in
Oh I thought you meant like.
lowkey i forgot that was a thing
Let’s race u impl vs me debugging
@Uasoni diplomacy reminder
~~justin and his rationals~~ 💀
The game was giving cryptic clues.
i had sus c++ stl issues 😭
WHAT THE FUCK SUB 3 MINUTES :orz: :orz: :orz: :orz:
how are you guys this obsessed w what is essentially cookie clicker - upgrades
Is there any easy way to do big ints in c++.
But it’s m-n squared
many characters may appear similar as the evil letter, but are perfectly fine under the divine and almighty individual in heaven's eyes
:O y9 chinese memories
i mean everyone will get ds pilled eventually
i handpicked the problems
yea ok its lodaed now
i have never received amc distinction before
Shuffle them around.
i'm sure a more even distribution would suffice 👍
my rally fakesolve solves shortest paths
I was clarifying that I was talking abt the guy who was hogging the queue.
if you go far enough down the rabbit hole
gpt names variables jonid and bentor?
you want to be dead?
it doesnt even provide evidence for anything
shit im dying to aiden even though hes not even upgrading
How does my use of punctuation deter from the meaning of my words tho.
amt tutoring premove
didnt realise that O(log n) is very slow in human time
but rowan’s loss if he clicks
wtf is a noosphere 🗿
help why am i so stupid
is there a philip x y liu
`vector<vector<int>> v(sz)`
Wait how do u even do that wuick
also tourist uses lambdas :orz:
Yanqing just solved a 2900 cf :orz:
but I quickly discovered that I'm not a lit person lol
u only get them if u like get hooked into the scheme for multiple years right
wait that doesnt work eitther
i think i overkilled as well
No but don’t bring it up at all pls
If u find a good cycle then don’t u just win
revive caterpillow channel
I've never impled it before.
Omg this is exactly what I always thought.
OR YURE NOT A TRUE PARITER
big stone sigma thing
but imaginne a bit more curvy but still basically two lines
i don't think nathan can make 2 laps
Bruh I can't do cross product.
Waking up so early for what 😠
NO ONE USES PHILSOOPHY
oh hell nah this is an elaborate plot for you to earn money
it's just likely false
ayana why are you fed up with everything in general 😭
NOOOOO NO MORE PRIDE SERVER PFP
yeah but i already told u blah
~~wasn't sure which of his students he'll ask~~
Can anyone send invite
holy shit my 15-line bot has won like all of its games so far
I'M NOT HIGH I SFJHWRA
THESE WORDS ARE TOO LONG
why doers elon have a n alt
justin "i am not racist" goh
this server is not good at having non-stupid discussions
They don't want ppl to think I'm lgbtq.
nah u can ride it more than once
:kit1::kit2::kit2::kit2::kit3:
i might be skill issued
no wonder it's so slow
Bro is mocking us plebians
I can’t do the last subtask
pretty cute game i like the girl w the pruple hair
Who tf put block cut tree
or something like that
i thought your pet would do something more interesting than ignore dorohty
Like surely after doing fun tour there are like 2 problems in thet set thst are undone so u just do them
fish is trivial i solved that in a day
how do you plan on doing that
he's not coming back to pinnacle
I thought u guys were talking about it as in, oh yeah let’s use hld on a line to get log^2(n) stuff
why is arthur’s cms so slow 😭 😭 😭
oh valentines is in 1 week exactly
raveen is NOT meeting his goal
but bitsets are fine
https://cses.fi/problemset/hack/1743/entry/13564868/
so if u force push into the branch u delete/orphan the n commits
idk, <70 atar seems so foreign
Ryan bai legit drank from it 💀 💀
also i did come up with a log solution that involves implementing a persistent treap
it’s it nm anyway that we have to know?
source: i have never been to dr du in my life
WTF PHILIP GOT 85 POINTS TOO.
my “student” (a guy who asked me to debug his code like twice) got 500 in aio
give him the one i did. earlier
we can gang up on him in chinese game
wait oops wrong channgel
U JUST FIND SOMETHING TO REPLACE IT
Somehow I recall one cf in april when someone was using ai 🤔
ahkljdghakljdshalkdsghafl WHY TF IS N 5e5
how is andy getting ptsd
i wanna say something but i feel like i shouldn’t
r u guys currently playing chinese game with nathan at 4 am lol
okay temporarily set the chance of my bot responding to you to 1/2
bruh i actually dont get why its counting reacts
No, it's definitely a bug.
if the only guarantee is less than mod
just use segtree and eat the extra log
buy nitro to restore the peace
this is probably their aio p2
I should honestly do info again
when someone leaves and people have a goodbye party it is generally a funeral
why would u not want exact values wtf
i don't think unsw has a fishing place
that one is blob matthew
Even if it's as simple as a vector.
wait which school do we do the rr thing with
showering is now a feasible option
I use my left thumb for space
They find input which create random blowups or something
we should start pinnacle smp!
is it just like, whenever u guys think of enough cool problem
A;LSDKJFADSJ;LKFJAD;LKSDF
what r u dijkstraing on
it has to be orziness
there’s 1 observation
i dont even think its grammatically correct
April is like the same as beta 💀
why is my pfp so slanted lol
This looks so cooked I don’t wanna do spec
wait, what if a trans women chooses angelina as her name. does she shrink
bruh where did i use totalitarian twice
coding linguistics y7 coding club
3rd is ryan wang i think?
I was searching for "tymon minkowski" 💀
i just clicked on the link
what is intended monkey tour complexity
what if ur react element has 5 props
pinnacle entrance exam iwll finally be put to use
idk if anyone ak'ed this year
So that we can turn the former into the latter.
was 2017 aiio just exceptionally hard
they store the tab/link, but not any like cached (?) information ab the tab
Just make up literary sounding bs
apparently he was at 2021
can’t you use both for pst
'linguistics' and 'english lang' together in the same sentence
@caterpillow set the record straight 🙏
Probably got all the freebies
every operaiton is a hammer
It was multi choice so I just logicd it
not always miss out on 1 class
WHAT IS THIS CLOWN DOING
english pronouns are just vowels
idt that would have happened 💀
lol yes i can hear footsteps 🤣
make n even bigger and ur sqrt programs are secretly all O(1)
this doesn’t sound too info’y
there is a noticeable gap from tutor green
I don’t think u’ve seen any of the Chinese ones
lemme tell u what they were saying
he made a false statement and i just didn’t correct it
only like 2 ppl in y9 scotch knows how to code 😭
unfortunately yup meng was incorrect, should have been singular
i'm running admiration rn
idk take his score with a very large grain of salt
you are soooo going down
Coz I am increasing an edge by at most onr
ok i didn't know that
it was apr 2023 trial exam
Yeah that is pretty clutch.
where does the log come from
is your problem labelling offset by 1
same for any other state
i'm gonna make it less hardcoded now
surely you've used code blocks at least
well if u werent in the womb yet you werent really one object
I don't buy that decrease key is log either.
i'm not saying gender -> certain actions
the differnce between my old score and my current one is swithcing out leaf cells
Optimal for output only is clearly vim
with a faster version
IS THIS FROM ORZINFO
but if ur mobile data connects to the hk network, then ur fine
this time at anu, not in the mines
THEYRE SENDING AN ASSASSIN
💠 is the best emoji trust
ooh blocked messages
if i look at the gender ratio of gamble (wa olymaths training) it's like 50/50
If it's 100% they'd ak :orz:
and every other name
Today we went for a walk to our teachers house and that was the entire lesson
orz matthew gonna become cm
Ac yesterday’s problem
(cue the chat gpt message)
that's a variant of normal knapsack
Alex’s is just a better mine
Wow Angus is taking a taxi from Sydney
Just do those then walk away
is that how u read it
They just take the top ppl
i dont know how to play this game
im trying to find the submission 💀
bro that server is ancient
prolly shouldn’t be saying this 💀
some transitions r more likely to be better
because its meant to ac subtask 1
compared to say, evan
Solving grid problems.
i don’t mind mathforces anymore
This truly a saf moment.
That's why I said it's fake.
by "us" i mean the blockade strats yeah
it looks like a solid alternative
like if u take the charity out of it then its like
on the syllabus that u sent
im pretty sure one of the very first changes they made to the website was rename the title from 'Scotch College' to 'Scotch College | Private Boys' School Melbourne'
That's like standard unrolling consequences tho.
but you’re not bad 😕
uni-national corporation
Oh you can still use mine into usercontent
what am i supposed to say then
u dont usually do 5 degrees for uni
you store parent if you have a parent
and they might think i just ditch
the judges are police officers from manhattan or something lol
ben would you put a cylinder in a mini M&Ms tube filled with butter and microwaved mashed banana
Which abuses the fact that they are small
outputting stuff into stdout creates a file right
i will give my atar to caterpillow he is orzer
i submitted a recursive reference to my chem report
so it doesn't get buried
you don't need 1e9+7
it feels less random than a random atcoder problem right
unordered_map is just slow
i did some maths and i have enough money for 90 blahaj
Idk the "whoever is ending first" is always so sus.
surely the coding club has like 2 ppl
yeah hierarchies in whihc the people at the top are the social default is pretty questionable
Bc I am so excited to see you!
Otherwise you’ll damage it
or like first dec attendance
putting on armour anyways 💀
there used to be minesweeper iirc
teen = [thirTEEN, nineTEEN]
make them think that they might not get accepted lmao
Had to do it online tho
||i did lower_bound instead of upper_bound||
No he said it was 146 *before*.
I can only virtual the contest.
OK yeah zalau's midgame is worse so it's OK.
this was motivated by a specifically shitty monkey type quote i was getting cooked by yiheng on
...no it wouldn't work for liquids.
Wait didn't progcomp or smth.
like it's only. one letter
i have no clue what my code has
And the old hp ones don’t count
:orz: giving them cpphome
And then every sqrt you rebuild the tree.
ORZ ANDY FORGOT MIDDLE NAME WU
its shorter than subtask 1
i have english sac this week
i haven’t done any hard info questions since november
Bro is actually doing 5 maths
i pointed out an int where it should have been a double
wait we should swap alpha pink and sqrt pink
u can do anything with 94.95
rip gg’s i am not passing this problem
its the same algorithm and the only difference is input size
dont u have like 50 duxes
Your crush is french?
I am trying to change topic :(
i don’t even have fast io 💀
like where did the tree come from 💀
if i solve in <=3  submits i don’t have beef
something like schoolwork
Like if u can go from i to j, where i and j are both prefix maxes, and k’s height is less than i and k can go to i, then k can go to j
so i assume he just gave up and gpted
Like if the invited person mogs us all like amongus
OK wtv 4 testcases on a stupid usaco problem isn't worth it.
bro josh’s lecture was hella confusing
idk what this one is doing here
so i had to reinstall my boot files
did u do ||max flow||
https://soundcloud.com/envyofficial/env-dynasty
Dang I need a treap.
oh i’ve heard this one before
u r orz enough to tutor them tho
bruh im eating dinner
everyone when you arrive at dec can you say "hi dad" to angus
I will say that 5 and 6 are nice tho
Nah iterative is quite fast tho.
are you joining nz codebreaker
you set vis when you exit then
Yesterday it went from likr hot to chilly
Maybe appropriate use of punctuation would mark it as such
that's actually good
I ain’t implementing twofive
wait if they chose to disband
My way of deciding when to impl a problem is the tspmo scale
consider it a series rather than a book and it's like normal
Psegs aren't that bad.
I have a shadow hundo
im not sleeping with a caterpillar
not banning is also valid as long as the site isn't overrun by cheaters
you should beable to use those horses together
the problem is ur given an array of distinct numbers output yes if 4 numbers can xor to 0
alr i made monkeytype account and i got 120 wpms for 30secs first try
also why me before jerry
Isn’t that just the treap set
i do not know what animals i have consumed
like there's no harm in not knowing
damn he actually wrote a parser
Nah seeing the pattern from eight is actually ridiculous tho.
but better than whatever we were using at unsw
They’re all interesting though
get served grapes on golden platters or something
then ||segtree to RMQ||
its 2 weeks after aiio
wait like tiebreaking does matter right
why would you imagine me like this
@// what are YOUR thoughts on backpacking
Justin makes more money from selling his plane tickets.
und in dem österreichischen
Going up second is the real power move.
Here you get to do a question.
i would lowkey prefer a coed school
and we got like 3 pizzas for 14 ppl 😦
no but its also more slender somehow
Sure, 16 ppl get selected for april.
if u want an interface
yeah idk can't see her w any friends in these pics
so u can apply to skip the course
i like the dark fantasy one
restarting fixes 50% of tech problems
i can bring my egoi pingpong set 🗽
matthew is the only yellow one
It was a reasonable interpretation.
@/// get in on this instead of fario training while it’s free :blobaww: :blobaww: :blobaww: :blobaww:
ik u can do the weird sweep
except i thought it was sqrt n
wtf is a bipartite graph
Proof by ac is the only valid proof
@caterpillow r u doing cambc :blobaww:
but i think like every1 here is capable of icp to gold at the very least
Matthew 6:14: Because if an individual accepts when different individuals sin against them, the divine and almighty individual in heaven will accept their sins as well.
Where can I see them?
hitchiker's guide to the galaxy
Cg is fairly easy to rederive.
we get austin to tell matthew gu
i think most fario problems are weird
It's not like I'm squeezing.
was it baked with a maid dress
nah but odds in pokémon firered is 1/2^20
NATHAN SAID THERE ARE MORE BROKEN PEOPLE
your parents are clearly not raging queerphobes
because i’m too skill issue
Wait whos the blue bunny
lmao i just got pinged by the austrian informatics server
i think he took it seriously
surely problem setters are required to check for duplicates
i exclude the second part
bc i thought plurals made a difference
I hate that I don't have a linux.
for the ||distractions|| and for filling in the grid at the end when i'm done
does luogu have a different interactive format thing
I didn't know you could do that
ur not on the same team?
Hold on let me check the actual amt coc
nathan how could you
solve it with segtree
if you want more problems by me you’ll have to wait until they are either accepted or rejected for seln
Imma drop out of top 10
ch is not english ch
omg this is perfect i am using this forever
i wanted to see how many wa there really was
oh shit i lost to daniel
One of your cht impls.
nah that doesn’t work
the branches occur at the top
wait is this not trivial
and codebreaker can be renamed ghostbuster
nathan not so chinese
Are the ioi golds not mogging the harder tiebreak ones
You get an extra 10 points for optimising your sol 🤦
excluding mintree 3 but that doesnt count
to do greedy cycle finding you need to rotate the cycle until you find an unused edge no?
well i got dorothy to do it just then
@Matthewwww do u want a debugging challenge
are you kissing in the otehr direction
i read E and was like fuck there aren’t any subtasks i gotta do F
There's a rat in inspirational.
@caterpillow where'd you see?
bruh what i quite liked most of the burgmann food
Specifically lct impl
like there is this really big book
what if it's a loveless marraige
When trolling heavy paths with sqrt
There are anatomical differences between sexes too that are unrelated to reproduction, and those affected ppl's roles in society and stuff, so gender developed from there.
It’s just habit for finding connected components
wait its chill i can just do it myself maybe
Wait stingy wasnt even right
I learnt this cht in y5
joshc and tourist one word apart orz
i am in fact in dmsomsmsosmsmssms
Is storing the number of ranges used inside the line OK.
So you literally sandbagged to get around it
the formula can produce the same x and y from different starting points
dad, mom, paula, angenie
not like he's gonna open it to check
there are 1<=c<=1e9 colours
https://discord.com/channels/1055076258825908244/1076802082172055592/1256231211467145288
do u like explain ur sol
except the one who didnt get silver 💀
justin how good are you at remembering faces of pokemon
Our principal would definitely ignore it
yes this is my dream career
bcos ur server is useless 💀
ong how many wa's is this already
bro i am doing maths in an info trial exam 😭
@Matthew Lin’s #1 fan wait can i still sign up
||You have a graph with N nodes. Each node i has a colour L[i]. Find the edge such that removing it causes the most pairs of (a, b) where L[a] == L[b] are no longer reachable.||
like if i had heard about “xxx got medal in IOI in the james ruse newsletter” idk where i’d be right now
I considered it for bc 💀
bash scripting is ez though
yeah but you can change the x point
but then slept for a further 2 at school
Romania :orz: :orz: :orz:
so i accidentally sniped it all
@caterpillow when aio :blobaww:
59 has no such weaknesses though
i'll go make the hitlist thing actually useful
like surely the test case has to be a lot larger or smt
jokes on the lucys, i write the names of accounts in the discord note thingy of each profile so i know who every lucy realy is 😎
Oh miles not here anymore 😦
so i win the argument
Pro gaslighter :ymq:
boba inflation is crazy rn
next up: adding the illusion of free will to your favourite shitty scratch game!!!!
pair me w someone incompetent please thank you
LET'S GOOOOO PRE-SELN UNINTENDED SOLUTION AC
you don’t learn anything in lit so an extra year is not an advantage
u can use ||pigeonhole|| to remove big n
im bringing an ac generator
Can't even fire awu.
how do you do the bot thing
methods is easy because the content is just ridiculously simple
now I'm really not sure if I would accept April if I got it
RANDOMISED COMP GEO!!!!
it’s usually good enough
what was quang like as a student
just do subtask 1 or something
and u compete in events to try to win
but apparently it was
What im saying is you need orzness of greater than some level k to be considered orz
nah u need better than fibonacci heap
swear on mums that i lied
ryno how is golf going
Wait how do you search for emoji.
i too should be and am not going to sleep
Alr I think I can just go to sleep now 🗿
we r talking about the unsw one btw
i literally dont even know half of it lmao
where do i obtain either yours or your dad's chrome
then i went to sleep
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
anime proprotions is like, shorter face
whats wrong withh it
how else would the time limit work
Shouldn't you be giving me examples?
its like an initialiser list for a vector or something
And then he like strips and jumps in the water.
orz ppl like philip keep saying it
Make it ljke a cross
nuh uh i am not super confused
oh wtf that's meant to be ia?
This is just a tower
Well chances of getting a breaking case are really really low
unless there's wa penalty
Hardcore :black_bear: >>
i conserved one ☝️ character!
actually fario is not reputable
but i only realised how like
it's more vibes than maths
did u read the problem propoerly
anyway that was my bug
mb daniel rayhan bin abdullah zain
amongus is trolling u
like the iterator has to consider being begin()
if u exit(0) i think the grader also exits
courier in python is an excellent place to start
why does that look like a mix of baby boss and guanhan li
@Matthewwww do yk 1d1d dp
Worse than my snow analogy.
this is obviously wrong
we gotta optimise austin search
n sqrt n log n is cursed
i have 100 points what do i do with them
Travel plan is out??
Orz Josh speedforces
Same as sparse table
(I'm learning from their ppt)
> something like the max-flow solution to IOI`13 E Robots
It’s a browser extension
this problems is like usaco dirt
0.17+ secs on sample 🗿
Just don't be in the subset of students who are caught.
Angus smited my submission
that's why u should hop in the mines
only one of my teachers understands not schoolmaxxing lol
Wait u should like probably wait before asking for those exams
wait how is "i have been to xyz" even valid english
Ok you have greys now use the wu algorithm
what if we made a bot that scrapes orac and announces every submission someone makes i think that would be a great idea
:nathandubious: :ron: :just::matthew: :orz:
i wonder if any of the orac backrooms are accidentally public
bro ok can i just not sleep tn
when did honnens give kb
lmao rainboy going reverse
This is like someone saw block code and thought "hm, how can I make this worse?"
having multiple gfs at once is fine if they're okay with it  ???
if the site isn't wotd i will give you $100
wait so u actually got 580 in aio :orz:
Would he just say ur completely wrong
i do not know this boy
bcos vcaa published something online
Only create when you insert
do u print out a new translation
bruh i lost to arthur
hence i shall begrudgingly accept the evil which @Scheming 72% speaks
but what about accurate self expression
"guys have you solved space pirate it's not that hard"
say your cabin has 5 people
I was gonna but she beat me to it
This is the justin that I see in my mind.
we should install pineapple gatekeeping lol
yeah but u can just join from the left still
can you tell me how it works
Ur name is the floor division operator in python; you that's why ur having trouble with floats
@convexhulltrick we r besties right 🥺
still an unfair advantage though?
I thought I got banned
It's what score you need.
like answer is just always the same
cant wait to sell to the 5 people who give a shit
wait technically im Yup Meng Yup Meng Quek
Philip explain to me how. Ending at 1:50 pm. Makes you lose 4 periods.
matthew's ioi photo is so zesty
basically as long as your generator picks somewhat randomly from valid input cases
i don't know how anything works
This is true right (potw spoiler): ||if the sum of the number of children a node can have for all nodes is >= number of nodes - 1, you can always construct a tree||.
lol i ended up chat gpting it
No u gotta pay for the bread
bro i couldn't spoil if i tried
The plants don't even have arms.
waiting for that 27 line solve 🕙
Is anyone else doing science and engineering challenge nationals
https://tenor.com/view/squid-game-doll-the-salesman-train-to-busan-gong-yoo-gif-24377334
and u bait the monkeys trying to click it
nathan contributed 0 problems
I CAN SIM ANNEALING THIS
he spent all his camp headsolving
wait like i got tripped up by how the lighgting system works
i hate python dumb language
MFW THE AWARDS SORT ALPHABETICALLY
where are my precamp sets
u mentioned a subset of allowed thinigs
wait what is that notation actually correct
Bruh I’ve been using vscode for web on my phone
you should run it again
LAJALADFKLAD;IWEFIOAJDKLADOIHWKLRAS
probably just a tag for all amt stuff
Wahahahaheahehwhehwhwhahahahahahwhwhwhwhwhehwhwhwh$:$;);&,!,$:$;&,$;;$(()(()()()()())()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()
All tools are the same
unfortunately he is not called that
Also just H instead of H(r).
orac problems are just repetitive calculation exercises
ok i lied im not doing it on scratch
bruh when u see one input
eh thats their problem
are you secretly the oslsnst mastermind behind it all
Or if you look at it in binary.
Is this like a "this also works" or "this is better" thing?
andy and i are at novotel hotel
the entire vc was meaningless
What’s your todo list?
my beloved (art program)
just get it back from them then
who is rainboy and what is his strat
bruh what i cant change my nickname on this server???
😦 no entrance exam submission
philip english main orz
Cos I'm confused what victor's talking abt.
how the treap changes anytthing
i have no idea how to do
:caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow:
I reckon this year is gonna be an interactive
Q3 looks kinda like ||laser cutter||, is it something like that
why is eliska's flag slightly different
Least safe public transport ever.
ok i think i see a solution with it
@Ternary Search Enjoyer do the daily hard.
OK nvm it’s a bit mean.
Orz double caterpillow :orz:
you give people a clear path
do you have king arthur problem statement 😭
it's telling me they edited their previous response lol
same with like past tense
phase thru the metal
pls get deported to egypt
i don’t get how the segtree soln works
just use `;handle set`
@// that is not orz that is just skill issue
I wrote a 300 line monstrosity for fario p2
nonlinear and monotonic are like separate things
and when students kept passively harrassing me
There are other sols too.
and if they take marks off for stupid stuff its their fault
apaprently there was a dp question in aimo
idk how to format it
But this is the only thing I've ever heard abt him.
do you have hosting, why is your bot always online
yeah idk whats going on with that i dont want to read it
you would get in even without alpha lower cutoff
I did an info exam in german
wait ppl who attended 2023 dec
bruh wtf this problem has rational numbers in the problem statement
caterpillow sleep schedule on top
especially if u can miss school for it
isn’t this just static top tree
When my mum heard that angel dropped out she was like "yo there's this program you should send it to her" 💀
scare off all those 5 year olds
@/// when u impl bigint do u do have like a 256 digit number has 256 base or do u do like a string
i think i spend around 60% of my time in a contest implementing and 30% thinking and 10% eating snacks
This one also has a segtree walk so it's more cooked.
coz it’s like an implication graph, but it just becomes a tree
THOSE ARE TOO BIG WRODS FOR NME
I SWEAR I AM BEING TROLLED
n^2 log n actually doesn’t even get 50 😭
u just gotta get used to it 💀
where does the score for 100 come from
words mean whatever most people think they mean
I can’t solve level ground Vruh
bruh what how do you guys all knwo this guy
@Miles, apparently idea, what if instead of making it send a new msg for "new result", if there is an existing "new submission" msg edit that instead?
i think there's exponential but idk
1:30 pm school end is amazing
do u guys think some of these emojis woudl work better without the background
Mine was pure dijkstra
https://discord.com/channels/1055076258825908244/1308732746805280838/1332978595064451164
then the infinitive has to be *maxx
didnt philip unblock
🔪 :slice:   i am holding your beloved hostage
i just took down the judging thread
Get rid of the min one.
so i normally make a sum function
be the change you want to see
ASLK;DJFL;AKSDJF;LAKSJDF;KLADJSF
bruh if you're not on linux or a linux vm you deserve whatever headaches come your way
apparently federer is at ao?
is bonza a place in qld or something
i have never needed to go to a superior place
but you probably have access
BRUH HOW TF DID RON NOT GET INV IF HE GOT HIGHEST SCORE
It’s a lot faster than my swimming tho.
Seems a bit overkill.
i actually don’t know knuths
gold is like top 10% or somethign right
How does it just destroy all dp.
like the search tabs
And you can't see other ghosts.
i thought it was architecture dependent though
yeah send to your rando friends asw
I thought it was 200,000
Cos there’s codeforces tonight
how is that related 💀
how is mine not ac then
Can't wait to fight with amt, round 2 🥱
i wanna go too china
i didnt know that was an emoji 💢
it intuitively does work tho no?
and accepted my fate
Bruh @awu now that you have the idea you should be able to either prove or find a breaking case
alr surely stream mlp in vc sometime
@Matthew Lin’s #1 fan wanna come to chatswood central at like 3 pm?
Bro I swear Nathan is the only guy who writes the most cooked bugs ever and it’s always because he’s golfing too much
like if u simplify it
comp3331 is the only course that im enjoying so far
THE MEMORY LIMIT BRO
hell, if youre feeling fancy why not bring some sauce to go with it too
on balance as in. if you weighed all the consequences up, overall it would be better if single sex schools didn't exist
I was at dinner w/ my brother's friend's family last night.
s* n\*w everything is pm\*?
this is the parlance which enlightened individuals must speak in!
i am y8, even luckier
oh nvm i can't submit
i know at least half
this is. not related to info at all??
MEETING CHINA IMO TEAM
huh but how does henry know what person it was
and im guessing angus fixed it and rejudged
for all a st a is in the set {0}
my dad said our principal didnt realise andy would be here
neither is ching chong
and you can rotate it that way
wait no they 3d printed their own cylinder
no substrings though
Austin's actually trolling me.
i have it now (?????)
I kept trying to like find properties that make the answer straight dp’able
i’m not good enough at maths for that
its $7 and i have fast O(1) point updates
When I get desperate, I just randomise variables and run like a few thousand instances
They'd have to teach online dynamic connectivity in alt otherwise 😬
Philip you should teach me dinic's.
why is ur matrix so cursed, where is ur transition matrix
lmao are applications still open
i swear this is what nathan does
bruh why won't orac work
besides, gender is a scam, so, who cares
i though tu needed to be logged into a google account to submit forms
and some 10 cm spider starts moving across the wall at 1 m/s
How the tables turn.
it is kattis i think
it's meant to be for like oly team alumni i think
i didnt know what i was doing
if i have two of the same number
when 2/3 sessions is free time
I installed the one app and the vm did not work 💀
they want to be ✨ nice ✨
Wait awu is not doing med wtf
i will submit a pr to nyarch linux
its giving me more depression than school
wasnt it just 1 problem last year
How do you speak sign language.
we dominate 50% of ioi
I HAVE NEVER TYPED SO MANY SPACES IN MY LIFE
if u have a breaking case it’s easy
YOU ARE BAD. YOU ARE PANTS EVEN.
hmm the example problem is kinda cool
*r is it \*nly g\*\*d bc\*s its is unique and is s\*mething that n\* \*ther sch\*\*ls d\*
📢 🎙️ can't believe this guy just tricked me 😡
is ur sch**l flexible and orz at scheduling like mine was
bruh zhoukangyang doesn’t have data rn so i can’t add him on wechat
ew pig looks so ugly
\**I have to count subgraphs in a tree! Alex told me centroid considers all subgraphs in a tree! I must not fail alex!!*\*
WHY IS IT PART OF A COMPOUND SENTENCE
they're like pressed against her sides
youre like farming me without even trying
no way byot was presented at camp tho
you cant call another country 'island of ice' lmao
new variety A problem
you create new blocks?
thats a stupid thing to say
;hitlist JustinWang caterpillow
nah thats not how it works
Don Mills == OJ (simpson)
So when you run back you don't have to swipe in.
in bongi subtasks 3 to 5
no the n^3 with good constants
I will surely quit range trees and just use sqrt trees instead
Iconic game of coup with aiden wen.
our school isnt explicitly pushing harmful messages
and it’s so much bigger
the maths doesnt lie
the extension must be smarter than i thoughjt
what can a skill issue tree do for me
@justin_g_20 i should try to bash cake 3 with sqrt
beyond my scope of comprehension
except for the chinese sounds
ii meant. if ppl would be happy with that
No literally just map and set
miles to km conversion
so whenever i run an infinite loop in vscode and start hearing it get loud i get scared
and have it just work
Omfg this cht doesn’t work
how does li chao tree pass
Ray gives such feel-sorry-for vibes :blobsad:
151 is like canon though
by the duck theorem 🗽
u probably thought yourself into a hole
assuming ur only writing
I’m imagining nathan doing guan han things at ioi rn
ok like the observation is that everyone moves periodically 😭
put it in a splay tree instead and ask someone to prove it’s logn
@Matthew Lin’s #1 fan @THE QUEEN HERSELF surely come do icpc in melbourne :)
bruh why am i right on the edge of aiio bronze ☹️
i have a non electron discord
i would cook all of you in mariokart
itd be hard to be in a situation where framing someone is a good strat
is it you after all :inkthing:
Mb intended was you use one element and change its position??
the contest is set up in a way that makes having 3 people and 1 computer useless
They didn’t do it last year
Justin and nzic is troll
i should become an alpha again
And it’s also legitimate
surely make one into subtask constraints
like its like vaguely like "i think these two characters have chemistry together / would make a good relationship dynamic"
bruh when do i see if my fix for ritchie actually worked
but orac is slightly different
How did I get this 11 min ago?
like if u go to a hof and u see 200 solves
its really 2 semester courses
my alphas are quite unshy
On top of the world fr.
but i thought it was funny
@justin_g_20 how is yours not n^2 💀
I got mogged in aiio :blobsad:
wait @applepear is technically 2025 alpha 💀
What do these maths terms even mean
Caterpillow play me in Minecraft
and then you query above and below rectangles when they end and stuff
Matthew is struggling very hard putting his clothes on.
ur literally protected species
I'MNN GNNAG FAINT OF HAPPINESS
returns immediately either way
When are we gonna have another acio, this is perfect for flavourtext
he has clearly not played these games before
is git add * even valid lmao
https://infocontests.amt.edu.au/
yeah but i had that bug on a problem for long longs
Is pi a real number?
17/18 and 22/23 :dubious:
bro all this guy did for two weeks was pretend to do info 😭
and u need to figure out how many bucks u got at the end
wait @Lithanium why don’t you do aoi split up like this, i’m sure you can do each problem as it’s finished 💀
adding n very large buckets to the end fixes
And the recurrence links the nth gf to the (n-1)th gf and its derivative.
Yeesh I was impling my treap and almost missed my stop 😅
i've used it to ac many problems on orac
Why does ioi 2006 have so many non trivial prombles?
i will never do that -_-
do u set it as ||dfs tree root||
come to dec if not only for the sake of calling evan's mum
lmao i tried removing fast io and it ac'ed like this
looking through the past problems I've done reminds me of how fun it was to solve them
it's just for the meme
i just realised: are PINs stored in plaintext
i can barely make cm
Is there anyone else who hates stone game that knows my name and I know the name of?
??? what does chinese mean
like i am genuinely seriously concerned about the state of australian education
and send me problems.txt file
i deserve to be in cult 🥺
a problem which only allows proof by ac is shit and stupid
it looks too much for 30
DO NOT INTEGRATE MY YAM.
Bruh why not uust use discord poll
what score did i get
oh yeah when will results be up on the github site
like make moving have like 2/3
lots of pen and paper, i can assure you :P
maybe i should do apio
if u’ve taken y12 chem u should know
i just googled klee and that was the first result
That just doesn’t look write
@why does info hate me :( the number is how many words match the clue
You’re gonna double my score.
Why do u need ostream& in template
What are you gonna get from problem names
bigints aren't even in ioi syllabus
i have a solution. you have a segtree: qfgh. do you buy
the least i can do is get it another time
and harder to visualise intuively
i have more data than you 💀
Surely there’s phais this year
mudae doesn't even recognise slurs what are you on
i was tryna say like
nathan bullying alexa every day is sufficient evidence
it's ok #1 stalker i'm sure you can find it again
tor works on my home wifi
i will rename YOU to cheesecake 😡
why would it be different
so is it on the judge
that u double a consonant if
yeah i was thinking that too
(and a chance to walk out when ak)
normally when i have undefined behaviour it just stuff’s up the numbers
u just need to link the path
giving girls more training is fine because boys still have opportunities they just have to train for them
i wanna join non for profit company
Like normal flow?????
like ong 15 min + like an hour for p5
other thought, it could be like, "dec23 student", "dec24 tutor"
i had a list of cullable emojis
pretending to be someone else
Wtf is hospitalitising?
Do yall not have the tree generator
GEORGE UR BOT IS BROKEN
what is clown question mark
if you clown enough times then you will have used up all your clowns and never clown again
as a shitty example, having seln #5 on your resume probably looks worse than EGOI 23
@ilovemonads (∀l∈𝕏) surely write a chrome extension to get the old badges back
This is such a dumb problem
My solution to kth number is 🔥
yeah so might as well just not submit work at all
but you should still be getting decent points even if you don’t get full
i only have like <= 10 tabs which are actually active at at ime
how is ioi format 10 problems with 6.9 days
like 3 of our teachers left after teaching us and we’re still not quite sure if it was even tangentially related to us or not
even if there’s 50c on the line?
does yoyo even know what discord is
gender gap in informatics
||i thought they were some kind of natural disaster bc gust ||
n^3 w / 64 already passes
yeah thats too easy ngl
ill dm u exact location
i’m calling the fbi on your house
fuck you mean sell them
Arrayser is like Bifrost if anything
IT IS HARDER THAN COURIER
did u codebreaker that urself or generator
yeah but even with zero rebuilding it’s still sqrt log
How is there a wiki article on this??
cuz i am simulating ww1
ok but you coded the program that's running on your computer while u sit
help what if green and blues are a social construct
Uh yosupo data is pretty weak.
it is specifically 'reset the counter'
i swear austin sounds like such a black name
my ego has been saved 😭
it's more about the vibes
what how do i overkill
@BlackBearEatU is bin in your passport name
I SWEAR THAT WASN’T THERE BEFORE.
did not know that emoji existed
YOU ARE OLDER THAN ME
Ok that’s a bit too orz
but when i add to 1000 bits with 17 digits
That's more like it dp for the past 4 years.
i didnt know what beklagen was today :(((
WAIT NATHANS SHOULD ALMOST CERTAINLY WA
It's hard to take your questions seriously when every second keyword is misspelt.
Be my guest and submit 10k times in the next comp.
dark forest type shit
political correctness is a social construct
(non)linear algebra ahh q8
idk who shixuan lin is
is it called chatgpt
and look at the ends
maybe it's april certs
like there was no way the all those chinese lgms couldn't ac permgame
Pls just take a look.
Uhh sure ig if it's not hard?
"I'm dying" w/ two ac's :orz:
farmer donna >> farmer john
Round tree looks better
wait i found time travel
i forgot that i know where u live lmao
Btw it *doesn't* tle if I do `Main()`.
you’ll just finish impl and have some time left over
but i remember evan spending like an hour in the debrief
WHAT HAPPENED TO RON
Njtz msxl rxlfd wc ymq phyz nd gonna win be top 3 progcomp
lmao east malaysia moment
i have a legit version
nathan bombed aio too
my only 30p is maintaing a sequeunce 🤡
oh wait do u mean like it looks like constant speed in the animation
was enough for him to two shot me but i had to 3 shot him
Honestly idk why you can't just call them "strange" arrays it's literally fine.
Why is my code so slow 😕
That might be possible.
nsqrtn with 1e5 should run in like 2s
financially vigorous activities?
can u reorder the variables so that d[0][-1] overwrites a useless one or is that not how it works
bro ||75 on C ||is completely trivial
doesnt it like die on step 1
wait why does hsc disqualify non-serious attempts 💀
i think he meant laser cutter 💀
lmao justins method is so orz
pants is a pretty good adjective
arthur kept calling me caterpillow
Last years was quite easy for seln?
just sense which answer is correct 👍
there is a math way to solve this? 👀
and u just did nothing?
omg i finished half of my overflow sol
i went to sydney meetup
WEIOFJSEKLRGJLDKFJHLKDFJLKHJLKJLKDGJLKJ
No way it was that broken
optimised romeo & juliet style
but there's some strategy
guys someone give me a name suggestion for the @dorothy bot
if u just hapepn to think about it in a cerrtain way it becomes really easy i swera
lowkey nontrivial too 💀
since when is 国 and 弯 a language
Less money paid by me is better
why do u think i chose that screenshot
problem 3 is cf div2 D+
wtf going to romania to train is so sweaty
can we make a rainbow
its like me saying "its the same problem as riding jetstreams" or something
Insider trading moment
reminds me of smth dms once told me
yeah for mainround thats true
but why arrayser in particular
It was literally just like a room where u talk to other people with some funny decor
You can see *my* sets?
They're quite intuitive actually.
idk how but somehow we managed to do stuff
iirc p log p is possible with ||3d cht||
it’s the size of alexa’s bear
my reels are too pure
this is life changing
is there an actual determinalistic solution
its def easier than t yping out the compile command in terminal
and 9am for us is 11am for u guys
I was just playing around with it then had an epiphany
name one time problem a has been the hardest
HOW WERE YOU MEANT TO TELL 😠
aight now how to do that in my head
IF YOU ARE BACKREADING DO NOT GO PAST THIS POINT
I had to write these.
tbf unknown language isn't harmful
what a time to be alive!! 🙂 🙂 🙂
add it to your template!
i thought discord added pvp :blobsad:
bruh secret chinese dynacon tech too hard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Largest_empty_rectangle
and the school hasnt taught us about the topics
then why is there a crisis in the first place
its what andy did too
Write alpha in under an hour then
Tymon you are banned from talking abt hair.
ur definitely not going to solve it if you keep talking about how you cant solve it
miles is still cooking use present tense
ye as long as do smth returns something that can be casted to bool i think
@/// r u actually in artarmon
ah i remember getting chatgpt to write code for that
then that 3 will try to go to the closest 2
how do you count that badly
lol tutors are just ioi 2022+temmie/quang
i need breaking case
Private parts that I can’t tell.
can u guess @justin_g_20's name
reverse engineered miles's strat for checkerboard
it's fast enough in c++
Like haha I have more than you!!
this is not rando island
Bifrost gives me ptsd
We did in promble session.
plot twist: discord uses rand()
Purple is best colour
i forgot 90% of interaktives involve ||shoving bsearch in||
Isn’t alpha generally pretty constant.
i got 20 bad reviews on report
bro what happened to cult of sqrt
I don’t exactly remember the problem
what is the amsg + amongus planning now
Wait did yall stay overnight
It's like much more informative.
i wanted to be @caterpillow 's small mascot for ioi
Bro it took Andy weeks
IT SOUNDS WORSE THAN IT DID IN MY HEAD
jfwiosegvludao;jlkvbdfgwef
idk about yiheng's score tho
its one of the lab exercises
code the solution to problem 2
or did u ak day 2 asw
i can’t think of a good condition 💀
i thought you were being sarcastic like "elden ring is such a well-made polished game with no bugs or glitches in coop mode 😊 " and the picture is like some wack glitch and the joke is like elden ring coop is rly bugged. but i couldn't tell what the bug was meant to be
like "yeah" to your statement
I used int128 to avoid overflow lmao
Is that in syllabus??
I forgot what it’s called
Including 2 montiors
i think they use django
al;skdfjfa;sldkjfas;ldkj
make it a bit more alpha colour
is it like inter school comp
this is what day 1 december camp felt like
wait i just realised a major problem
wait we can virtual egoi?
Bruh how tf is segtree gonna handle updates
damn i should've like been more sus when he solved pbf
i think both have been guesed
did u think it's bc the ducks peck
what is this china orzness
brok a gyarados does not look tasty
this is without ur sus add i onto things btw
i don't see how that restriction helps in any way
but in info usually max ~ n
I’ll upload my orac password to GitHub
12 years 10 months and 20 days was how old you were 2 years ago.
NUH UH MY SNAIL WAS FIRST
I think he is :orz: :orz: :orz:
Last year I got sent it straight from Donna iirc
i will play w honour & no dming
ur cooking some big brain stuff
oh how did he solve emergency reinforcement
i offend teachers that i dont like in lowercase
bruh its 67 chars long
And then you're done!
like what is wrong with scraping
andy im not the one learning it 💀
You weren't important enough for me to rember.
@caterpillow does unsw have pool
mine was just a normal segtree?
https://orac.amt.edu.au//////////problem////////////////////332//////////
and i get precision errors
he is too orz i am a bum
hold on ima go make a collage
not sure if that is a fair comparison 💀
bruh i used to be the #1 on all my own games 😔
why does french not have mācrōns
whenever i check, all i see are shitposts
couldnt figure out why it wasnt working
apparently it wasnt on :/
what if my bsearch uses 9 queries
no but doesnt electron have chromium as dependency
i can't just camp them in berlin can i
maybe i just have skill issue
like pretend u are an alpha
we went around the 8y in order
(everything being said rn)
i always aim to make my messages as inclusive as possible 🙂
Literally Dr Michael Sun from Dr Michael Sun's School of Maths was drunk on vodka what can I tell you.
and the codebreaker paper was so racist
btw can someone help me with my bsearch lol
wait nvm i’m trolling this question has joi level comprehensibility
you see, you, essentially, tried to make a black hole, unfortunately i never coded those so the physics engine is just sobbing rn
Bruh I need to do covered walkway
Your “solution” is the thing that’s cursed
ok 3 paras and 1900 words 💀💀💀
go do something meaningful with your life
ill sleep when i beat awu or die trying
If I do `int x[n]{1}` the first one is 1 and the rest are 0 right?
Down to try, when i have the time
he was fr giving me inspiration lmao
Then I thought abt it and like.
when ur bored u can 1v1 ppl at darts
Description said that last year too.
more than 10 letters = re
i am like #1 result on google to my name
Nah but we had an alliance pretty much the entire game
I've solved wheeling and dealing, fair meetings, river, the virus, greed and train hubs now.
does their office look good
MOGGING EVERYONE ELSE IN HOF
Like ig anything can be considered optimising from bf
yeah cuz i read the bit abt the coordinate system and was like
and blew up the mansion
lol mine is from like 2021
and those who aren't enlightened will all tle
@justin_g_20 pls lie
Find highest point, solve, solve left, solve right
Oh ik there’s another threeish solution but all are def worse impl
ioi 2023 live scoreboard if it's still up
wait i don't get why he isn't unofficial contestant
OHHH wait piastri is a driver 😮 💡
the y7s are all sigma alpha males with skbidi ohio rizz
I always feel like stepping on short people
ok just to prove that wrong i’m gonna prove my solution
I think there's a negative.
is everyone doing the exams i made 💀
nah i'll wait another week
then i can teach u joi library soln
Current is charge per second I think?
imagine getting hacked by benq
is 2nd place trying to golf
quang probbaly does potw which is why he knew the proble lmao
matthew doesn’t exist, it’s a social construct
like finding the goofy number thing
:brilliant: :brilliant: :brilliant:
Ds is meant to be my forte 😭
pretend to get covid
OK like if your only friends are people who look exactly like you i have to say that's kind of concerning
better in alpha contest than ioi
than to get unlucky with the rand
what if i just put it in
AAAA is making me go AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
My aoi tles coz it allocates too much memory
you dont have enough sand to push
once u realise how to run terminal commands in python its like
u can try urself if u want this probem makes me sad
and also u guys are sydney grammar
and saw a matthew looking segtree
our school once made us do trig on squares
in both sentences the window is getting broken
angus will be staying tutor i think
😭 i need englishmaxxing skills
omg ur right there’s a 5 point subtask lemme grap that rq
so detached from brainrot you don't even know how to spell it 🗽
she was like 'i wanna go and it will look weird if u dont go'
so it looks like ur still only pluggin gin the keyboard
shixuan lin's #1 fans
yeah but lb is just a way to prevent gatekeeping which is still possible
i just picked a troll name and flavourtext lol
[0,3) doesn’t have 3 in it
im really fast at typing words but im really slow at symbols and stuff
even with rmq it definitely is
Bro I got 17/26 on my info exam in Germany
oh i remember what this is for again
That is what it means?
There's a bunch more on the other pages.
https://orac2.info/problem/744/
and do u actually understand how the time complexity works
you can draw a. graph
homework took longer than expected 💀
HE CANT OUT BRAINROT MEEE
If only I was as good as observations as you 😔
https://orac2.info/hub/train/cpp-home
yeah, nah, yeah, nah yeah,
@convexhulltrick i will not ping you again
confused is the only top ladder we can beat lmao
in wa eng/lit doesn't have to count
I USE BYOT ON A DAILY BASIS
wait you're slapping yourself right
See me and andy are on the same wavelength here.
no u just do {info grind, athletics grind, school grind} at the same time
wtf there's no way that's true
random images floating around on twitter
hmm wait im interested actually why does everyone who applies to quant apply for trader
https://stats.ioinformatics.org/people/6750
do not cast doubt at my factual statements
i don't think you can define bad to mean anything other than "i personally dislike it"
How did you get like.
Wait it won't template it's fine?
Might use in trial exams?
Even after knowing the answer.
machine learning but i am the machine
Idk what the image is tho.
And tell them I am usaco gold.
i got ghosted :blobsad:
does anyone who did CAT ever like, remember what any of the problems were like. also did anyone even do CAT ever
Why did you say no 😭
bruh i have to scroll so far right to read it
bruh tis' the team leader
writing stuff out in a chart often works
can someone j session my vim solution
Therefore it is impossible to accurately express myself.
bc we were forced to use school computers
change ur name to StormFox
did anyone ak inter aio last year
nope it was a sus #define i was using to remove cerr when not compiling on my pc
i didnt know dr michael suns school of maths
Bruh full is like hard
Combi is informatics without computer
@// have u solved cookies yet :blobaww: :blobaww:
except i wasted my hours on dying on impling 97 on cave
Bottom of bell curve :blobsad:
wait how do y'all not have like acs on output onlys
@Miles, apparently you should do the aoi
it’s a visual representation surely
SLKFSDLSDLJKFSDLKSJDJFSDJLKFSDKFDSJLFKSFDSKLFJKDSLJKFDSJKFDSLJKFSDLJKDFS
therefore u can overrule the rest of the ppl
and went across the border to :wa:?
“performance” -> play .mp3
there are no important details
am busy doing stuff for the next few weeks
nathan majorly scammed me
it looked so goofy on mobile
wait i might have done it wrong then
with other restrictions
guh this is too much effort i give up
WHY IS CEOI IMPL SO DISGUSTING
i have a list of the clubs the y7s picked lol
towers are going awy
it's just a shit problem
X could have been vertical for all I care.
i wasnt even on leaderboard yesterady right
and i had nothing to do with it
idk half the thingies here'
We should do a sports survey on this server
wait i think its cuz mirrors have multiple refledcty things or someting
It would be much appreciated.
oh yeah it beat alex too
@Matthewwww i hate this question so much
the first 100 something lines
OW! you HIT me with a HAMMER!!
training data cutoff was before ioi
yeah so basically what i said about the offset right
Post trial exam is 300-score
it’s pretty obvious ngl
u guys have been doing military training exercises
but log^6 n < K log log log n
free fooooooooooodddddd
lol wa 99.95 is such a hack
should i send to quang
It's not at perouse?
idk if they themselves are motivated though.. hmm
I got told at least 7 logical paradoxes by our hwb teacher
smh nathan take some notes from yiheng
I MOG EVERYONE ELSE WHO HAS AC’D THIS
i didnt buy that your intended design
I forgot the letters
how does he know your emails what
thats like O(n a(n))
didn't that fat dude on cf get like nearly ak with no ds
if you're stuck on an easy problem, then the easy problem is hard
👀 andy lost to david?
it tells me all the departures in the next n minutes
i’m like a nothingmaxxer
why are they telling us to not submit code
Jetbrains info camp.
everything after the bug is wrong
collision free swarming is a better jsession problem than aiio
wait yo maybe nathan is onto something
"in soviet russia, you don't x(verb) y(noun), y x-s you"
Yeah i was considering a similar setup in my head
No no no. that's a compliment
if u follow the edges of the mst
he was basically doing an exam without understanding the stuff that was being tested
Every time you open the home page you get like five ads.
info is combi with computer
do we know where his tutoring is
I could feel the heat of the engine.
edge weights to the path were random
https://www.nzoi.org.nz/nzic/past/2023/NZIC_2023_R2_Solutions.pdf
spain can take portugal, gilbatrar and morroco
solve for all he updates on the left and queries on the right
Wait I keep getting emails from these guys.
why did he leave in the first place
APYTGY MODE NM Y BLEIOVED
i think htey're all lowerbound
cuz idk how to prove it
surely next info club we can do beginner/advanced class
@// wanna gamble on the source of pinball
I got so annoyed in the end I automated it in python.
isnt that too many columns
u get kicked out of aus
why are you suspecting thi
yeah matthew said that three minutes hence
worst problems :nagar:
it's reading comprehension test
without 10 cm spiders
dude i dindt even understnad
not everyone is asc silver medallist :orz:
the tl for make square was pretty tight even for log tho
wait thats ur math class?
along with some for de espo pape
My English essay used the word floccinaucinihilipilification back in y3. I worked so hard to make it work
should probably change bounds on N to 10k or something like that
i thought it was a eange
this server is really just for us
i take past submissions and make small edits
there are 20 cases of 5e5
:orz: mac deleted files
ZRO. (I AM ORZ'ING ANYTHING BUT YOU.)
still though damn u guys are so orz
https://discord.com/channels/1055076258825908244/1308732746805280838/1332978595064451164
this is very likely human code
We don't have his fario score.
OH MY F\*CKING DAYS I AM GOING TO LEAVE THE F\*CKING SERVER IF THIS HAPPENS ONE MORE F\*CKING TIME.
Range updates and range queries 😃😃😃
also how tf did u find the baby me photo
Wtf is chunk in the middle.
like what if u accidentally read
Even people who’ve left
nah we'd win by too much
i am putting u on the same team as rizziam cheah
it’s just fancy monoid
@caterpillow how is yours so much faster than mine
HAH IT IS SLOPE TRICK
My sol isn’t even that overkill.
Wanna play the io game?
miles used rationals for day trading
Wtf ending at 1:50 pm loses *4 periods*?
wait does this go against amt coc 💀
in his defence it was battlecode related
change it to matt smith or smt
escape the matrix by going for oly
our team implemented the best non-tape-baguette solution
By everyone i really just mean you and ritchie
i have never gotten anything specificcompany-related in my reels
thanks i understand much better now
I REALISED I HAVE FUCKING SCHOOL AND I HAVE TO DO LITERATURE AND SPECIALIST AND METHODS COZ I HAVE TESTS IN ALL 3 NEXT WEEK BUT IM DOING CF ANYWAY ARGHGHGHGHG CRASHOUT
Bro how is this real 😭
all his accounts are just for stalking
bc idk what problem it's for
aio food was always good
yeah but it was funny multiple times
does this not suggest you dont use 2x2
Why am I even messing with log curves I'll just make it linear 💀
wtf how do u have upper bound nathan wtf
i didn't even know there were four
half my code is flipping a matrix and building prefix sums
Isn't that the whole point?
Wait do u have access
is getting ||1 ac very hard for seln||
Yeah that’s a triomino.
its like "the window broke" and "i broke the window"
But silver is always rly toxic
why not 24th of december :blobaww:
you're just not rhinitic enough. i will disnumber you unelegantly
clog will mog is like seed 3
Is it wa on last subtask?
surely if u learn sa
or we can wait at the platform
every vce subject is probably its own version of hsc physics
coding tetris to play in terminal for the rest of ioi day1
This is why you should use this frown 🙁
ok @awu i headsolved port facility
I BEAT PHILIP EVEN THOUGH HE KNOWS HOW TO IMPL
It's ||your solution but I sweep perpendicular||.
if it gets too obnoxious ill put dorothy to bedtime
I DID THIS IN CONTEST.
hwat did he do to you
like every element has an inverse
i have no clue what it is
do u not have a smaller case 💀
professional scammer
theory: Jerry gave up on his 51-card deck so he decided to give out the rest of his cards
you should worry about the ioi vm
coz then u can just swap big child in
yeah so he could have couped before my turn
space only gets like
we should convince them that :nathan: is nathan
most well read person in history concludes you dont have 2x2 matrices
who cares about amt embargo anyways
Like yk how we did the contest at unsw.
you are *really* a bad influence on me and my sleep schedule
😭 stop guilttripping me
do that the day before tournament
if i cant find the data then its doomed
so u go through every word
Li chao is convex hull trick but also applies to any function
and like the other dude
merely weak individuals need such evil characters
its the context of "pro gd" right
so the sum of everything from 0 to 1 is 1
like lambda functions?
and one of them was the sqrt one
~~no wonder codebreak bottom 3~~
I scammed 2 extra points for svg by printing out numbers 💀
How does this app work
oh yeah that key thing
Pls teach the ways 🙏
it has a single bed lmao
and the differenc ebetween #1 and #2 is insane compared to #2 and #3
and you necessarily need gender for gender presentation to be a thing
(also applicable to ||colour blindness||)
is that more or less than ur yt career across a few years
IOI silver medalist :orz: :orz: :orz:
crazy idea if only one other person knows what u r talking about u shoould dm them
The main annoyance is having to call it something other than set
i consider an incel as like someone who cant interact with women without making it weird
it ac's the data because the data is made using the code
PHILIP WE HAD A DEAL
Dude I didn’t know it was a thing
wait is awu actually on egoi team?
i can play on my alt tho it peaked imm3 this szn
i just do bool a = 0
A;LJK;SDFJ;DLAJSD;LKFJ;ADLSKFDAS;LJK
wait are browsers electron
but to do that i will need a server
50 standard eng is just orz memory isn't it
i will sell for $5 per ac
i don't think aoi is making it in time
https://orac2.info/problem/aio22spaceship/hof/Matthewwww
But it’s clz or smth.
how long is ur code 💀
OI AWU I PLEAD THE SECOND.
wait how many ppl left for the new game
why does :bot: look like a verdict
This is jerry's racehorse.
You can come to my house!
its so that the code compiles
Bro ts guy is the goat of sleeping on planes
You can force online with standard i/o tho?
i’m so depressed :blobsad:
i belieeevve i can touch the sky
lowkey idrc if the site is overrun by cheaters
canada had 4 trivial problems
mb it's the size of a mac maxi
apparently his chinese name is the same as philip's chinese name
?unmute @Matthew Lin's #2 fan
is this a filter too
i catch up on all the good books i’ve missed
who wants to join my spar team
dlskafjsgdkjfblsdfkjaslkgfv
he is out of top 10 now
Cute little project by mini me
i thought the p stands for per 😭
@awu is it 3d monkey tours then
OMG IMMA DO NZIC RIGHT AFTER I AC CAVE TOURS
i dont have any of those 😭
https://satcompetition.github.io/2025/
why bother putting ./
Yosupo does *not* have dynacon.
u get `x = 1` and `y = 1`
how do you participate
As previously organised, decided at april.
Mb lemme go somewhere else 💀
the dp array is reversed lol
First sentence on page 206 describes your love life.
wait has this secret been leaked already
Dreg drew drey cadre dread dream
the one with maddy party
starting a new trend
i swear when i got it it was $2
that's not true at all
u should give us unlimited access to ur phone at april trust
Also orz Andy got his blazer in chapel today
how do you classify how dangerous a virus is
i don’t understand the free will thing
i am 7ft as everyone knows 😎
like a girl is your anti-girlfriend?
hmm i might've blocked them
i swear i literally havent
Doesn't an "approximation" still find a hamiltonian cycle?
What am I going to do with the information that it is an icpc problem
huh what is the unmotivated way
Yeah which is why the or thing makes sense.
It becomes a weird rectangle union thingy
ig it's over for me then
is ruby pro golfing language?
💀 the law got nuked in 2009
innerHTML is so cursed 💀
@Matthew Lin's #2 fan do aiio 2021 as a trial exam
adaptive wordle is actually hard tho
And that was to get o(n log^2 n) in a problem which had n^3 intended
why does this guy look like he's 10 years old
aww it doesnt animate anymore
Look he was rly yummy
thats not the same comp
aoi tictactoe but its actually alexa on the other end
he needs to regroup elsewhere
if u have good intuition, u try the correct small cases
Like when I place a lazy tag
u can do the intended solution but more cancer with fat treap things
i had to go to melbourne by myself once and it was the most stressful 3 hours of my life
Did you see what variety 2 was?
wait surely picking a colour less than yourself is best. because if you pick higher than yourself, you appear arrogant, if you pick lower than yourself, it can be assumed you made that choice on aesthetic terms only which is good i think
i know at least two alphas
i may have been permanently brain-altered by these experiences but the honey was kegit
Just write normal code
they have different uses, use the right tool for the job
||parity of sum of distances to end||
turbo the snail ( 🐌 ) ?
just invite him, should be fine
then i would have to deal with 1 year less bs
Dude imma have to wait in the airport for the Melbourne kids for 2 hours 😭 😭
And now jerry thinks I'm crazy.
Unless it’s part of some bigger scheme.
it happens all the time in dp
why tf are you clowning me
i skipped diversity full and went for ac on the other two
I thought he got 80!
@rxlfd @Matthewwww @Lithanium @ndosh u guys are going to be on this next year
/problem/207/hof/amongus_pvp
i missed his coming though
"only women break my heart" --> men do not break his heart --> his love for men is requited
if i remember to write my problem
y6 me was so good at science technical terms
what stalker-like activities have i undertaken
https://unimelb-cs-letter.com/
ok i think that's it i can't handle the impossible case
caterpillow did not stop from dec until ioi
He is a physics camper also
no we need to consider the speed and power
I graphed it on desmos
there is negligible air conditioning in all old buildings
Like I wasn't *trying* to cheat.
i forgot how to pass in args
imo biblical hebrew is closer
we just did a problem where there is an obvious n^2 * 2^n dp for n = 26
Mlp watch party when
DNCJSLANDHDJEJDBZNXJDBSBDJS
wtf albert smith is randomly doing a cf after a year
combi is just counting program iterations
i cannot parse that sentence
How do you even tell 💀
my code looks so weird if you remove lal the whitespace
oh dear why did i help you
wait bruh i got scammed
oh woah you can dot hat
and decreases to a constant infinity
~~its bellman ford~~
it's not about points
can u explain the ps to me
there’s another nice geometric explanation but idk how to explain that over text
i even have my hair tied up
Why am I getting skulls 😕
—justin "english prize 2023 come and 2024" goh
they should work in the same way
lmao imo the infinitive of *maxxing is \*maxx
Very sorted input ya got there.
like he wants students right
like a long time ago
Idek what the hint means.
not on glen waverley line though :D
ok that's alexa dealt with
that would be pretty nice
oh like. don't worry about it 🙂
the vanilla blockade works against most opponents, and in a mirror matchup, you just need to send more 50's to your side at the end
Nuh uh Matthew carry
no way it ends before 12
;mutual Uasoni2 Uasoni2
how long did that take
oh i don't buy it was intended
what if you brick alpha and aiio and then like AK fario surely they let you in
bruh ur cpu alone costs like. the cost of my entire pc
Bruh that should be the least of ur worries
shold we rename #memes to #media
`a` and `b` are just left and right child
NONOONONONONO NONO NO OO NONON
im not sure my mouth can move like that
was there another alex wang
It can do some stuff segtree cannot
We have so many talented artists drawing self portraits in this server
don’t talk about hsf 🥀 🥀 🥀
@caterpillow this guy literally your student lol.
how old were you then
but i only got like 0.8s
he was reserve last year
146 + 1 + 1 + 1 = 5 + 3 + 2 + 2 + 2
i'm so lost for torusia imma give up
i still think we should just revert
I swear philip said 11th.
@Implementation Defined any idea how they would go about blocking tor?
it doesn't affect me anyway
nvm i just forgot to recompile
my school thought we all had mental issues or something
it will come in used
@// answer the question
unless he's trolling
what does cattleboat mean
EXCEPT I CANT PROVE THE BOUND
i’ve def done it with vectors tho wtf
lol sure python lambdas are a bit annoying
It looks kinda sketchy
maybe even above average height
Pls answer another query: how many times can you lie?
omg they are gonna send me a LETTER? how fancy 😀
Bro get this guy outta here 🗿
the sum of degrees is limited
😔 ok but that possum statue was like. Significnat
bruh this should not be a thing
@// i need constant optimisation tips 💀
does that mean ron was the cutoff?
actually i need to get the one for u as well as for justin
is arthur even part of cpmsoc anymore lol
I can think of like.
forgot to look into it
nobody is god hence everyone is god
Not quite enough tho.
which one is hats in
unfortunately one of your (very close) relatives will no longer be with you if that happens
election is really standard
andy had to be like "there is actually a really easy solution that gives lots of points" for ages before i saw it
wait the qoj version is like better
can you solve luogu black problems
u sending ur spam is throwing me off
somee olymath thing + mods
What did matthew imply?
Bruh nathan is countering me again
and that’s all i know
Anyway you’ll meet at apr
omg i taught austin a word 😱
are anticapitalist memes part of the current zeitgeist
you have 55 languages or something
wait there's no need to use lots of letters right
`caterpillow.aternos.me:60510`
are they new or 2nd hand
gah i've run out of easy subtasks to farm on D
Btw awu answer my questions abt april sets pls.
idk how that would be possible tho
ive spent 2 days on it 💀
fuck i could have gotten 47 pts
@*SLSTST can u motivate me to do school 🙏 🙏 🙏
if it's "just an aesthetic" then the fact that it's overloaded with words we use for sex is the problem
u two are banned from talking anything about mountain tower or minerals
oh yay define int long long issues
learning how it works isnt priority
Inc inc is better tho
egmo addresses the effects not the issue
i do not have a random computer
would :caterpillow: or 🐛 be scarier
But 2d segtree doesn't work bc I need nlogn.
The brute force is DN^2.
actually this problem looks cancer af
bruh guys i hate school
HOLY JESUS IM ACTUALLY CRASHING OUT ON THIS MOUNTAIN TOWER PROBLEM
what are they generating for
i need icaijy/philip orzness
how does one build a bear
he says its so big u can spend a whole day inside
They are emulating their idol
wait we should also plot ac’s
otherwise that's incredibly cursed
high-quality graphs from your favourite awu
(how am i going to get reimbursed for the maid dresses)
i mean they chuck an std=c++11 in
There are ppl who, seeing me in a dress, would think I'm way *more* lgbtq than I actually am.
wait what lore drop?
Number of greens is not a measure of progress
also @// you can no comment me if you want i'm just curious
And you're finding max cht.
angus has replied about the name censoring
also wtf is that problem
australian ants are evil
there’s a chinese name i saw on luogu once
and how do ratings work
I'll be watching to use it as a pragma.
it would be more fire if stuff wasnt being explained every other turn
GROW A GARDEN MY GOAD
why not INFO or something
why is their flag like
who owns all the domains
Flip the nz flag upside down to remove ambiguity.
practice makes ur skill growth logarithmic
that's like my computer typing speed
i have no clue why that search result appears
those are probably the good aiio problems
I was pretty confident it was the same as cave tours.
I got AIMO results back and I don’t want to talk about it
isn't ur computer like 1 year old
2nd most trivial ioi
You can also add more u’s
woah my text can be even taller w reactions
as a wa person, i was unaware wa day is a thing
wait then what’s even the point of having a final mark on scsa???
is orac down or is someone submitting a gcj problem
@/// is the answer x^2/10+3ln(x)-6x^-1
what happens if you ||start inside a range||
👀 i have a proof by ac for triple peaks 70 pts
ASD;OJFJALSK;DFJ;LKASDFASD;LK
connecty markers were OP
i am never doing maths again
Bruh aiden you never went through with your promise of communism
Ifl it's smth to do with big numbers.
alr i'll upsolve hello 2025
but face stream is so scary
MY ALGORITHM IS SEGTREE BEATS ON STEROIDS
please don't wake someone up if they're sleeping
sirely other trigrams / bigrams would be more efficient
Wait did you ac bongi btw.
DID YALL KNOW MAP.ERASE(IT) RETURNS THE NEXT ITERATORS
since it's a segtree
lol philip do u have breaking case
are you a sorted array? because i want to merge myself with you
but doesn't regularly access right
i will keep spamming this until u admit it is ac
lol why is mnass its own thing
https://vxtwitter.com/AMAZlNGNATURE/status/1940306596556333210
i can't download a c++ compiler
IMPLEMENT AND FIND OUT 🗣️  🗣️  🗣️
Andy supports women.
and playing minesweeper
https://discord.com/channels/1055076258825908244/1055076258825908247/1235725175790501918
betas were all once alphas
like the skillset that jerry talks about may exist sure but what is the point of applying that skillset to a math exam that is fundamentally not math
Wait so matthew I still don't understand how you know I had mentoring this morning.
graph and tree should be completely separate imo
@WendidIask @caterpillow
he hasnt done any contests
Equilateral triangle.
oh and there is juist nothing?
isnt the whole point
Uhh for cargo connect it was like.
wow orac will literally just lie
It’s like a lunchbox
we should make a bot to reply 🔨 to all the 🔨 s
i got like +100 from doingj that 😭
Not fair! I ak introductory aio prombles i!
you can’t short circuit xor
then ran the stupid algorithm
uhh also dont do specialist mathematics
and have nothing else to do
Keep interviewing until you fail.
i just ran ur script
i promise i will not bsearch it
and the points are uniformly generated
what was ur aio score
lucy can i join amsg :blobaww:
i can confirm that this works 100% of the time i've tried it
:the prostrating man:
we should do an emoji per person count again
Tree mirroring requires a single observation
Exponentiation is repeated multiplication so it’s 3
@Scheming 72% do you have any recommendations for anime girls i should display on my 3rd monitor
||i created an account||
and u run max flow on this
thats like not natty
https://www.nzoi.org.nz/2024/08/29/ioi-departure/
its defnitely possible
since stuff is only ever voiced and then +s
You still need some log ds.
lyrics is good depending on the context
Yeah I’m trying to upsolve that now
Bruh where is my gate 💀
we don’t talk about the 20p
don’t think u even need the curly braces
+ outer space invaders
The holy land of info
YOU CAN HCGTE COFNETTI
that's like strictly better than no subtasks right
it feels like u shouldnt be able to do it in anytthing better than at best nq
andy you should give me your credit card trust
It’s just an optimisation from o((nk)^2)
What you said I already said.
;mutual Double_Slash Double_Slash
what happened to not doing speedforces
dude what are these plyalist titles
andy where did u get the tshirt
Chmax is not a maths operation.
what is happening in the comments of the article it linked 💀
one of my friends (not in the info program) just refreshed the page 100 times
the compgeo has no solving required it's just impl
I thought it said `each contestant is allowed to talk or discuss anything…`
lemme ask chatgpt to analyse coding style
i had to google how to create 2d vector
i used the caterpillow study strategy for my chem sac today
okay im gonna limit dorothy's counter to bot spam
and walked away with ||34 points||
someone should play me in clash royale rn
it wasnt serious or anything right
my segtree itself is also optimised tho
If you’re looking for ethnic diversity info camp probably isn’t the best place to look
Wait nvm apparently skirt is the lower half of a dress.
Lit texts are more famous so you can get litcharts for them
Is this NOT how you normally do ps?????
pinnacle has almost double the amount of messages as ausinfo :blobaww:
Wtf do you know abt me 💀
I DONT HAVE CLOUDFLARE
there is an official editorial of the contest it came from
if you want to, and your girlfriend is okay with it
i need my tennis colours 😭
Justin theorem: whatever you can do, justin can always do with at least one more log.
yeah like irl it's too hard to do proper studies imo
im not that professional
george has been afk for the past 24 hours
It's like similar vibes tho.
CRAZY THAT HE CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE LOL
Professional doesn’t mean 1v1?
Climb up the ladder to get to the destination.
so if m is m0 * m1^3 * m2^2
80% of aus is wa. 90% of wa are mines
ig no tutors had gone through all the cses problems
i guess any tree can be a pegtree if you think about it
AND YOU MNIGHT NEED TO RUN AWAY VERY FAR
Oh it's like a heuristic contest (?).
are your lips that square
woahhhhh you exist??
i only checked after i saw human lcd ac 💀
do i make a script in / to install dependencies in both frontend and backend
@DaBestTiger what number is the earthquake thing?
it’s like that but with people
https://forms.gle/h66oaLMfrhzCVm3Z8 (Group A survey)
i wanna see how they translate
But the bit stuff is. Sus.
like a lot are cooked
btw icaijy are u going to do hsch1511b
and they juust look schizo
i can queue them back to back yeah
and u cant sell cucumbers that are too curved
addition (input only)
the optimisation is unnecessary because it’s rly cursed
Wtf this is actually the most mobile friendly ide ever.
bro is so well rounded
oh does ff actually do online max flow
it's just ai powered code completion
you sound like some kind of medieval king
yup meng quek is 3 syllables
or do u just use bash to write the while loop that does generation + checking
:ronsus: 🇮 🇴 🇮 2️⃣ 5️⃣ 🥇 :orz:
ymq just merged them all
if egoi reserve is also getting invited then that would make 18
Yeah cos I'm using unnamed struct.
Nah relevant problems are on like dmoj and ojuz.
bruh u said ||polygon intersection||
it's actually cool when you think about it, subtask scoring is designed to make it so that every subset of subtasks gives different total
Clearly that's the best outcome?
guys when new alphas come should we like. make a new channel or something for people to write their names
You can open hof in incog window
can alex back me up on this please
but she can retaliate
;mutual ifndef_INDEED_TIS_TRUE_HPP_ ifndef_INDEED_TIS_TRUE_HPP_
banned for under 16 in aus
Coz my centroid function goes bottom up with a priority queue of done subtrees based on subtree size
@Matthewwww I'm just gonna end it here lol I think my school road is pretty hopeless.
I was gonna get you to codebreak my line intersections 💀
Neo from the matrix?
#major-problem-spoiling
wtf whhy is alex not a person
do you sometimes swear on an ungreat god?
But I can't impl bc I have an assessment tmr 😭
We have max flow in maths.
and fkeed up big time
lol the "about me" is cooked now
wait did we ever find who i_love_nathan_zhou was
but only top 4 count as official
bro what is this standardised combined bullshit
iPhone trusts Matthew too much
what the fuck is phrygian
What is the bound on t 💀
my disappointment in that moment
Don't forget you start at 0 (that was matthew's bug).
I refuse to believe it
shh i thought they'd be online
Bro it was the standard algorithm plus some rand
ok like i could have answered your question like
Is it like, compiling the code and then putting the assembly into an array??
using one example to generalise
im getting something else
solving problems -> contribution?
For caffeine consumption.
was it an impl issue
:matthew: 🇮 🇴 🇮 🥇 :orz:
basically justin thought my idea was wrong, implemented it with a bug and told me it doesn't work because of "proof by wa"
$\mathbb{caterpillow}$
because the u need consecutive keywords that are the same
source sniping :blobaww:
That's that condition for monotonicity?
but each test case has multiple tests right
i think more ppl know what an array is than an aggregate
im pretty sure joshc basically said the solution yesterday
I thought you said "u haven't".
if you don't know the alpha content then you should have gone to the alpha lecture
nathan i wonder if your bot will work at responding to mine saying "is this a request?" anymore
daniel rayhan bin abdullah zain strat on fruit game is crazy
well if ur at the border it’s not too hard
we just did 0.5x arthur walking speed to discuss
What is this "wa fast" meme?
Yeah but you can make MORE money.
isn't region like trivial to squeeze
what does cache locality have to do with that 💀
It’s a rly nice xor basis trick
huh isnt that like UTC -2
https://dmoj.ca/problem/btoi19p6
If I fail fario awu wears a maid dress.
Nah I won’t run under time limit
u were the one trying to debug asw
Imma use caterpillow's goated 2^64 - 1 thing.
This is the code I submitted.
angus suspiciously gets bombarded with trial exam requests
He is a pretty cool guy.
Yeah but if the problems are goated they won’t mind data
He likely wouldn’t have made it because of so many betas
how to bomb "person A is typing..."
i proof by aced the word
what is wrong with burgmann food
its a constant optimisation
i looked at a bunch of politician speeches and got nothing
how can bottom 6 in eng get 4/6
i may or may not have ghost pinged you from the censorship
I thought moby dick was the whale.
t is shorthand for dt
it would tle anyway though right
along with nathan’s dad
yeah but SPECIFIC charities
Justin that's rly bad sportsmanship.
Wait so why don't ppl do dumb things, but not make others pay for it, and just tell them to donate to charity?
Day 1 today, Day 2 tmr.
and they are wondering why they can't afford ppl anymore
they banned programmable keyboards
Idk she couldn't solve hats.
[gargled but friendly mud-creature noises]
wait should we create ilnz3
next year i have a better chance
wtf orz accelerating
Bruh google is ur friend
This is why in general ppl don't wanna side w/ you 😔
IF U USE O(N²) DIJKSTRA
that’s why im doing joi today apr trial1 tmrw
PROGCOMP RESULTS OUT
didnt u say it was trivial like 3 minutes ago
yay alexa did the ||jump pointers bsearch i think||
Do you buy if I can maintain mst I can maintain krt?
Bsearch over segtree query.
Who's the 4th alpheta.
Don’t joke abt cancer.
I think it does that in mc.
we usually play it every camp
it seems to be a solo project by one guy
probably wont if u use treap lmao
why aren't you asleep huh
info to compsci is like school maths to olymaths
i'm pretty sure i've socialised more today than i have in the past like 5 motnhs
ur like meant to ask for help as a somewhat last resort
Bro I’m on my phone.
bet i'm overdosing tn
my other alpha solved that one and she didn't make camp
idk how to do float stuff
yeah with austin and witter
for non trivial ones
i will create a ranking
my solution is better
https://spotidownloader.com/en13
IM FINALLY BACK ON ORAC LB
i am procrastinating i’m supposed to have memorised 12 quotes for my exam tmrw
The practise srssion
like we’ve never gotten similar scores on a exam unless it’s near ak or ak
There’s only 1 ||bsearch||
How do I even do that.
I HAD LIKE A WHOLE VIM SCRIPT FOR IF THERE IS A GRADER FILE
tape baguette best strat trust
idk, i just remember walking into him and making him spill his coffee then running away
also what’s another word for represent
YOU. CAN'T SAY THAT.
english comprehension 🙃
The residues are at all the integers.
bruh ur solution is the most orz one on hof
which i didnt implement
oh wait that is true
@Lithanium u are getting mogged
bro i am debugging with samples i haven’t found the devious bugs yet
ok there are 16 gold spots
who tf is spamming waifus
like i have an interview monday morning and i kinda want to not fail 💀
since it is travelling at constant speed the net force is inward
i have 33 files in my github for problems
ur not allowed to be looking at that
@caterpillow @Loctildore @justin_g_20
I get a std bad allocation
I am unable to comprehend.
Huh the game started?!
58 beats 59 but loses to other stuff
can we delete some useless bots
twice the horses = twice the horsepower = twice the speed right
But ios is the optimal info build
i can give more words the r**ber treatment
I *want* to believe it but it's probs a bug.
Lol i tried that once, did not work well
matthew send ur editorial i cbb to impl 🥺
i did not know htis was a thing
@// @caterpillow @alexa (*SLSNST) is it confirmed you’re coming to airport tmr
💀 philip is this the next word that ur going to bring into pinnacle
Linked list other one?
i. was like 3 marks off from bronze
Does my çode have bug in it??
@// ur bug is that ||there are times when not using the parent is better||
why would he wear double cat ears
it wasn’t 2 days of pure info
How do they enforce it if it’s in your pocket and they never see it
Do u even have any backup unis 😭
everyone reposts everyone else
disclaimer: no i am not old enough i did not experience these times
AND I HAD TO GO TO THE WEBSITE
They lose in semis to hoon kim, drop to loser's bracket, and then you have to defeat them.
there's only half a deputy
anybody getting parcels ????
it's like when brainrot came
i cant find anyone who's said it more
bro how does it carry backwards
lmao i like how when someone released the amsg amongus scheme felix immediately assumes its :rowan:
clown sticker apparently'
Every single one of my marks was higher than that
Am forgetting how lb works.
Bruh I can hear u from my room
hmm strange our break isn't official lol
@Loctildore does this mean i can use brick oj
photorealistic quality
But i skip a lot of them
what ended up happening to the watch
yeah and the moon landing was a hoax
how does ioi announcement work
Useability is more important than speed
Wait @// r we playing Chinese game
so u don't even know if ur legit soln is correct or not
but an obvious overkill is usually faster to ac than a simpler but less obvious solution
You store the graph in a certain way.
yk matthew apparently found my linkedin before dec camp
i won a raspberry pi (i think)
can't imagine it being that slow in any circumstance
wait is paula a tutor at unsw
It’s like a hive mind
crap there was a realy obvious move on the bottom left
then ur going to tell me u saw a dead tiger in the jungle
how is everyone so good at modern art wtf :orz:
it's not one to one output
matthew solved it in 3 minutes
uwa has competitions?
Ppl like jerry have 250 solves.
This is why dp is hard
how do i do post request with files 😭
Wait I thought that was the condition for lct-able.
OK like in the real world it's rly messed up bc girls and boys are raised / treated differently right
I saw arrayser and like my first thought was Nathan might die this looks like greedy
drawing A on phone too hard
that also made my code pass 💀 💀 💀 💀
It has a bst value and heap key
why eat plain bread hwen you can eat. saucy bread
You can actually think of that in terms of small large.
i’ll just assume i can do arbitrary path queries etc
i am trying ☹️ ☹️ ☹️
but hwat if its not a rpely
i have the worst birthday 😭
because the guy that runs philo is christian
i defintely didn't get that
i got the ans but then i changed it 🤡
And u have also seen minr
yeah that's what I did
like y=x is just never happening right?
is it basically just info camp 24/7
u can do in O(N) build O(1) query with line tree
speaking of ghosts.... my favourite ghostly activity: GHOST PINGS!
the input is just a bunch of rectangle increments right
times you can inject a cvluase into a clause
idk why i just kept getting sidetracked
rip we lose half the emojis
Might've just wasted 1.5h.
australia is just like some random country
bruh u want me to add a capital letter and full stop
it’s supposed to allow recovery in n+m
i don't remember signing one
Bet let’s just keep it like this trust
Idk why it passes first 3.
Pinnacle Island Scalp MicroPigmentation
Ccgs used to be building good men
idk about dot product but cross product yeah
umm idk of she's already been guessed
like instead of ur age being floor(age)
i’ve been considering making like
you definitely know them
its easier to "see" the tree when you print it out
1e6 operations in 1 second
#define using #define
money doesn't despawn at the end of the year
the source is gone thats the problem 💀
that's the only one with it
||it's the funny mst + 13 edges trick||
i have been summoned
@awu  you might wanna constrain it to #bot-spam  lol
slightly buffed iterators
no its bcos ive been searching up coles api stuff recently
its not a very interesting leaderboad
so u just delete all affixes
they only graduate 1 year before me
the countdown from 10 has proven effective in the past
our boosts are all temporary though
try invoking python from the command line
ur code is giving me a headache 😭
to make sure i could do it
and i can’t read it cuz it’s chinese
think of it as a resistor whose resistance is controlled by the voltage from a third wire
Fario silver and aiio participation.
so just bsearch spam
and still make net positive contribution
this is like the second worst contest ive ever done
He doesn't have to pick us up, I'm fine with taking the train to airport.
Inside each bucket you sort by right endpoint
and had a brief think about it
surely you dont need the `[0] =`
damn, that's tragitragic
Isn't this like their aio?
they are particular interested in n composite numbers, which are flanked by three composite numbers
Exercise for the reader.
Worldwide is a superset of chinese.
O(N) memory superior 💪
yeah 10k submissions gets gold
guys can we formaly add "no brsinrot" to the pinnacle rules
@/// is the daily medium too hard for me
so they're like purposely locked
nathan why u no ak cf
why is the input like this
like you need to build the code into an executable
@unsw ppl can u guys confirm
@//  in an act of infinite mercy equal only to angus describing unions in codebreaker, i have slain the beast which plagues you so
i don't have amus in 50 instruments like u
wtf where do you get half a person from
2) it's incredibly demoralising if girls make dec camp and then (for the first year or two) still no or very few girls make ioi; it just encourages the idea that girls are worse & probably discourages girls from starting
I will only use 1 hour and spend the rest of the time on roblox
i only do one of those things
don't get scammed and just buy from taobao
that is mildly concerning
btw angus' baubles is 2 linesw
because we went suboptimally
that proof is sus asf
every spring we would go there to pick tiny melons off the tree and throw them at each other
tbh i would prefer to keep skibidi out of this server
i saw this when i was looking at the most downvoted qoj problems of all time
like i spent a week with a certain person now spending time with other people feels boring
yup meng quek is such a cool name
||So basically a range in the middle gets cut out, and I just loop through all n^2 ranges, use prefix sum and all-pairs distance to brute force.||
Nah but that’s how miles works :orz:
i’d beat everyone in this server in impl trust
Yes, I get WA on 502 out of every 503 submissions I make
mine is good impl trust
i make it prime anyways
this contest might end up being no feedback
surely this is more optimal than mouse
what is ur current method of solving bongi lol
if u don't erase, does it work
Guys the 100 euro is a scam 😭
since you are so racist, you should fuck andy
F*CK I FAKESOLVED what the f\*ck?
#dorians-specialty-teahouse ??
then you do dfs and add edges to both
i only solved while thinking about it in the shower
bruh small large is so misleading
they just shipped you off to melbourne lmaooo
Wait am I overkilling purview.
you have to understand
just define < and/or hash
and amongus solves only hard problems
Finally after like 3 hours I pass sample.
cuz worst case is fibonacci
OK I actually dk how you got 8 💀
you guys are gonna like starve once you go to uni
inc exc has the property of just magically working a lot of the time
this is not yin and yang
why are you looking from afar
idk where my acc went
@georgec who was that.
because yup meng has close ties with us
he didnt even learn all the content
functionable doesn't sound like it should be a word
and at the end, my all time favourite quote
does host country get 2 teams
unfortunately vex has a characcter limit
y12s are still official participants
i left for like 2 mins what
i exclusively do that now
like all the outside points
yay glad to add some degree of funness to a teachers job
what does that have to do with me
bruh leave him alone
then how did u bring it up 💀
RARRRGGGHHHH I AM COOKING AWU’S TRIAL EXAM
https://www.w3schools.com/c/c_booleans.php
are you all like gamers or osmething what do you need >16gb ram for
Wdym mess up previous digit?
i'm confused why an array of 4 million ints is 0 MiB tho
oh yeah how did nobody spot that
and i passed subtask 1 and 5
and the treap ds has like made up priorities
It's weird to do a non-contiguous prefix.
unrelated question does anyone know all the recurring characters in aus oi flavourtext
we could also get the programming socks
hell, they weren't even equal with egoi
Nah makes USA and China and Russia too broken
and nathan still exists
"what are your thoughts on ur research paper that u published yesterday"
ONG MY SOLN SHOULD GET MORE POINTS THAN IT DOES
basically they have a unique number
This is making less and less sense.
@AC (angus' children)
what do u guys think of this
but justin has an idea based on it apparently
were you here for sparse table tree
It’s not much of a reduction.
i didn't ask for names in the survey
omg it's like discord has imposed global slowmode on me
andy top amt coc adherer
in one move, each person moves along at most one edge?
no wonder alex's solutions are so long
Does everyone have mid term break tmr
actually barnaby is easier
i never liked german
My team had someone spend the entire 2 hours on q4
it had like 100000 kids in it tho
i think kunai is my cleanest impl relative to the actual solution
iterative > recursive > pointers
you can make spaces by having space in bold
@caterpillow ||mine is ev dp||
|| think abt it how likely is it for any species to regularly make every family a multiple of ten ||
there better not be any funny business
for example multiplication is n log n
1e8 in 1 second is reasonable
And I had to go *check* if day 1 did have cave tours.
i am 100% screensize
i can’t get above 40 💀 💀 💀
Yeah treap can do that
free if u dox urself >:((((
you would expect the answer options to be
when was this taken ^
wtf is this goofy vce thing
matthew, ron and i got in person
orzinfo has officially had a year without any announcements
@awu make it in aoi 2024
also i am skill issue so…
How are we meant to support chmax and range hash at the same time.
Was it just like li chao tree 💀
Hilo 2 is only maths
scotch is making me fill out a 'reflective statement'
ofc you would rob a bank
bruh something is actually wrong with me
i thought u were the only one who had to retreat
AND WHY IS MY CONVENTION RE’ING ON DMOJ
No more sharing w/ armenian team.
just need to start backend server
changes ur pdfs to be dark
Wait alex are you doing it.
Q: Which level should you go to if you want to go to level 2?
then came back to mog him again in 2024
naman has informed me that we have won a game against the top team
reading soln != upsolve...
lmao trying to hire programmers
Mer cat or projection.
thats when you take surgery to look like the other gender
what's the most vexing parse?
Which is why I’m so glad my least favourite awu has turned up!
Idk man I’m leaving on sunday mb I just skip this exam 💀
who is laeequejamdar on orac
i also forgot to turn off my camp alarm this morning and got woken up at 7:30 GGGGGG
count # of rectangles in a boolean grid
I used it in an essay to flex on a teacher
as long as u have good idea of how long ur going to take for impl
i now need to find some other problem to become my prized solve 😠
i wrote that in 20 mins
there were details i hadnt figured out but i knew that it would work
and he was like 'u guys are better than all the physics teachers in vic'
# DID YOU KNOW YOU ARE MORE LIKELY TO BE BITTEN BY A NEW YORKER THAN A SHARK
in what way is arrayser "easy"
I would have got in team if I didn’t skill issue 97
bsearching breaking case 💀
oh bruh imm still getting responses
scraping by ac's is too hard
what is an eigenstate orz
bruh is sitting in a room for 4 hours going to reduce atheleticness that much
aksjdfkksjdjff thankyou
i forgot i had a problemset
Oh shit I forgot to do modern art 3
nathan forced to reveal gf
Irtiza “i go to a bad school “ Jacques
take a fresh look at the problem
i was talking about :just:
yes, i'm sure you accidentally misclicked and added that image there
who would have thought
i cant believe i was doing schoolwork for like the last 5 years
i think we should call him the JC (judge correct) bear from now on, he doesn't deserved to be named after an error
yesterday, same day as they joined
Why do you need a set for mixing
saying "im not in denial" is ironic so "i am in denial" it is
i got ac on first try
obviously that is not the case for you
as long as it probably hasnt been seen by students
detective is really easy
why are you looking through bot spam
I was thinking abt mle.
eng is like a cheat code
what is this magical dynacon
@Implementation Defined we request your professional opinion.
Quite fascinating actually.
ok maybe look at the one above then 💀
puzzle: figure out what each one means (they all refer to the same person)
i haven't even gotten to the actual code part
oh wait that’s ioi-chan
you like can't do that!
i was having a crisis over whether my arrays should be singular or plural
constructing curator in contest
"if you don't continue informatics i'll trophallaxise you"
so its kinda cheating
it makes more sense than a skibidi set being a set of nice numbers
😡 misleading information
not enough landmass to bother drawing a speck
that borders on mean
he clearly only types it every *other* message
wait doesnt it say 'the round 1 competition is still open'
isn't "everyhing is deleted at most once" sufficeint
Wait lowkey we might not find the ruisn.
r u not going to class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
I finished the creative thingy
||its like tree case but sqrt n parentts||
by definition facts shouldn’t relate to feelings or opinions
surely we don't have to include Lockout Bot lol
idk that's just the vibe to me
no but it would be funny
Like for a random 10 min in the day make it 404 and say like "put [some string] in a private edstem post".
im excluding the exclusive
@caterpillow get the next 1e9 batch of alphas ds pilled
i can get like 50ish with sim annealing hopefully
@/// you should do h from good bye 2025
and they are ghosting my support email
bc he doxed himself 💀
@Matthew Lin’s #1 fan can i change one character
i dont have computer atm
Sub 4 but not sub 3??
https://orac2.info/problem/datalazyupdate/hof/caterpillow rate solution
I impled angus and pegs
I swear there's like almost no hard tree path prombles 💀
considering you are in aus
merry christmas everyone!
:justin1::justin2::justin3::justin4:
💀 how much are these dresses costing
it’s like construction ahhh
Andy has bested himself.
have you seen my code yet
And I wanted to measure how much water there was in total.
Q1 and Q2 are usually free and everyone gets them
they sold their server to this guy
did u find better test data 💀
They opened new keyboards for us and let us keep them
Allow me to introduce you the li chao tree, destroyer of dps
one day of your paycheck for camp gets like
permutation of 1 to n
i give up on ioi virtual
wtf why does china use american date system
that's why he wanted the server icon
it's 2 hours for matthew
i just have 2 of the same monitor next to each other
https://www.amt.edu.au/amo
it triggered the mirror matchup strat
i can name two solutions that are a factor of n too slow
where are these coming form
you test against each language
listen it depends on the day okay
wait it's pride i forgot
when will the medal cutoffs be released
Too orz for prep :orz:
:kekw: :kekw: :kekw:
did you try resubmitting it
@Lithanium you disagree? you’d marry him?
doesn’t that mean it behaves how you intended?
All the primes could be in the suffix.
no way u did not get it
frisbee is usaco silver p2
Also when cpmsoc contest w prize money
C is an actual info promble.
It’s like 99.99 success
wait you guys didn't know about this?
in less than 2 months
and the lca will be its parent
philip actually too orz
bet imma write an interactive where segtree sort is the only solution
wtf is up w nathan's pfp
havent u guys tried to have like 2 failed meetups so far
Matthew how would you know what consent is
bruh it only takes 131 mb 😭
isnt 38 subtask 1 3 and 4
munmap_chunk(): invalid pointer
so info skill+skill issue=constant
bruh ive accidetnally like
I mean I tried that.
so there were 2 vietnam wars
sounds like a typical malaysian name 💀
his speech was longer and funnier
when u can do `for(int i=1;i<=10;i++)`
my pipes is re’ing 😭
They're all so random.
to all in the orac queue, i apologise i am in a trial exam
why did they also remove littlexi
someone from wa once asked me 'are u doing atar'
how did you like. get a domain
@ndosh @tomister @donny
because i'm using 0 indexed so the padding isn't arr[0] but instead the previous array
I can only play lived.
It doesn't work right?
imma practice on zen
then surely it works
||problem to compress the data for scores of N people with K awards||
nathan can u help me with my physics assignment
if ur mod is any number in 1 to 1e9
wait like default g++ can't run bits
i remember it being red and saying 0
dfs surely does not deserve orz
It’s not that nonstandard
at least similarity is only 14%
@awu when you coming back?
I learnt so many new things today.
my interviewer was mr judd actualy
I like to make sure ppl who aren't actively participating in the conversation feel included 😀
i require a noble and befitting title
i don't think i have it
however it is a bit weird to make a meme which has myself in it
That bit is like nlogn tho.
but then it becomes shit again
It’s at 7 in the morning
Nobody's scraping any data.
@justin_g_20 we met the guy responsible for elephants today
@justin_g_20 send me more cursed code pls
Idk how you get that from matrix.
github takes a few minutes to load
but it forces c++ anyways
i am learning pro 🧀 skills
And my dad being disappointed.
might as well write again
and 2^17 possible xor values
Cos justin was asking me.
I am dying on output only
its over ai takeover incoming
it’s next next next saturday
Does Andy have an ioi photo
well maybe he will just mjsis out
It is like perfectly aligned w/ the point.
ok i think i did not in fact headsolve
||wavelet tree rly quick||
Some numbers just never leave you yk.
steiner tree with all N nodes is mst, and steiner tree with 2 nodes is dijkstr
https://dmoj.ca/problem/noi05p2
idk what alexa is talking about 💀
and that it wasnt possible in a noncube
I think it's mostly to look cool.
is anyone doing ccc on the same day as aiio
its just hideous to read
Did you have cheah or smth?
so u need to increment the pointer to the top
use greedy to unlock next potw
So your comparison is like backwards?
WHERE I TYPED GIT RESTORE .
pUrE fUnCtIoNaL pRoGrAmMiNg
i need someone to carry me in ranked
anyway yes that is still possible
Only after someone ac’s distance on triangulation
we’re like bing chilling
what is 5-minute penalty
and the 300 i jiggled around too
this is the version before the latest
i am the better awu obv
I'm just seeing a feet pic.
damn i should like impl maybe
just get chatgpt to make you a library
isn’t set like a template
that code is suspiciously fast
help i keysmashed and opened like 7 things at once
i just pirated it lol
yeah i just have like 12 hashmaps so i need to const optimmise
and refund caterpillow his money
I have like even more unsolved alpha 💀
ussr stands for ussr soviet socialist republics
so you are like chinese chinese
plat isn't even safe 💀 💀 💀
https://bwinf.de/fileadmin/bundeswettbewerb/41/aufgaben412.pdf
like i think i took 2.5+ years to get to 300
i thought schedule was public already
Does anyone else see a resemblance?
wow guys i solved beach umbrelalas
replace n with however many pages u have
it makes me sus of ai and school
no it maeks sense right
the language you ask for is the one they print out for you
i can hear my brother getting up for a piss outside
you should advocate for big in
@caterpillow because we don't want people / new alphas to be saying ||skibidi toilet ohio sigma rizzler|| :notlikeblob:
idk but christina recommended it to me and it sounds pretty cool 👍
oh wait nvm i thought there were only 3 prombles
lol a girl hit on me at egoi
is there anything else
better than the others
But still my point stands
fun fact: :matthew: will go to at least 3 countries with "usa" as a subsequence this year
pivot to leet code streams like joshc
No what I’m thinking
Like we alr have log^3 🙂
what game did you play in common room
nonstandard+cheesing+squeezing main
im making it so u dont know the next person
this is the best max flow problem trust
except a little more involved
he wants the list of sydney infocampers
even if bool is an integral type that does not change which or implementation is better
aren’t those two lines like only in the pull function
worse than shortest paths?
i still go to james ruse
and then impling yourself without having seen any other impl
The bg colour is different on mobile
Ofc I opened the links backwards
and how he'd been advocating for it for 15 years
So that power of 2 which first differs must be in between them
except when it was trolling me in modern art iii 😡
he was ridckrolled i think
You give them input.
it’s just benq’s template
i am sure it was around 7-10 cm and it was definitely black
It doesn’t help with schoolwork
What are we trying to golf
sorry not the entire exam
called like "sonya with missing legend" or something that doesnt make sense
and adding a space considerably slows me down even further
like that was the only seln problem of the last 8 years which i did not go over
Put 20 treap problems in randomised set
and use that instead
worst case just write the entire thing in one file
hmm is centre point always on a pile
wait i have a big brain idea
some people with correct sol couldn’t run code in time
dmoj points are strange
i SWEAR ts is ragebait
have you measured recently?
are you 30 times more likely to be struck by lightning than other ppl? because you're very attractive
thats the ioi mentality right there
like it will always end up being "i just personally dislike [some part of the music]" right
my orac submission was in 2023 and it was a port of an earlier dmoj submission
you go to sydney during april camp
you can’t snail someone who says a different thing
wait if the expression is always false, why have it in the first place
i will give u 1** *nline d\*llars
would u let arthur be a tutor
i impled the problems that i died on yesterday
in the safety of your own home
It will make joshc look like child’s play
but if you are more orz than you then you are orz
so is it optimal strategy
is it not ||space invaders||
fortunately it won't matter to you
YOU CAN JUST STRUCTURED BINDING A RANDOM STRUCT?
vce is too shit for me to want to do good
I WANT YOU TO BE HAPPY TOO.
why does arrayser exist
we should discuss telling people to stop yapping
Wtf D is not possible.
also usaco open reminder
segtree range set one
ac frog has been upgraded to a permanent resident of my desk
where do you even find out about questcon
Biggest depth thingy
Write an extension to do it instead.
wtf i didn’t get anything 😭 😭 😭
This game is so hard wtf.
The Dec trial exam one?
this is why we should all grind compgeo
i am listening to sdcaring the hoes rn
angus can kick you out of the ioi team
Mine solves it in 87 w/o optimisation.
~~I COULD HAVE USED IT~~
why is association of massage therapists higher google serach priority than the amt
i have n^3 cooking up
sdifjshkdfjsldfjsg you're complaining??
could be a sexual thing to them
||Each light either contributes to one square or two opposite ones. The total sum of squares is 20. Each empty row and column must have exactly one light in it. So there are eight lights in the middle four rows and columns and four on the outside. The ones on the outside can only contribute to one square. So in the best case the middle eight have to contribute to 16. This means each has to contribute to two. So a middle light can never be next to a black square. If you cross out all those candidates there is a sequence of forced moves that lead to the answer.||
i keep forgetting about one of the D and T bounds
I get a brownie point.
like no matter what u do ts is more words than js
I read too many books
wtf pikachu so smooth
in contest, just walk away with a 99 or 98
the end result is a mere byproduct
what are you implying
i might just not show up like i did for the cat one year
cant u just do anormal segtree then 💀
Ngl they should sliding scale on how many primes.
What if like there's smth in seln that I learn tmr.
aio 2022 p6 was not original though 💀
Yeah and caterpillow has motivation too.
MY SCHEMES HAVE BEEN DISCOVERED
@Matthewwww solve circuit w/ me.
there’s a reason it’s called the pythagorean identity 💀
Bruh i never watched mlp am i missing out
austin explained this lingusitically to us ages ago
ive seen this one too
@// hurry up and impl D 🗿
@awu my joisc24d1 trial exam is more contest strategy sapping than ur qoj exam 2
matthew do a te tmrw 🥺 🥺
ha it knew what i broke
I have growth mindset!
Ifl 15p shouldn't require treap tho.
AND WE ONLY SANG LOVE SONGS AND WE NEVER SAW TANKS
so is *x.end() always the same as x.size()
competitive programmer's handbook? 😕
i got school shock too… i thought school would be fun and then i actually go to school
ORZ OR ZO ROZ ROZ RO OZR
I didn't know that studying was a thing until I failed all my tests in y8.
Just to make me look extra cool 😎
does luogu have random ois
It could keep going around in circles for AGES.
just largest square with a ton of obstacles
good place to start is to replace endl with '\n' and remove long longs where possible
binis sounds so stupid
and he was talking about maximum matrix to me as well
also is this group even like
The only person in a medal too.
Like pretend all the points are on one side of the line
did u know that it is so insane that it is the only year of boi that isn’t on cses 💀 💀
Sh*t pinnacle is cooked 😨
its like estimated time to learn for a person of average wa intellect
$F(N)=\frac{N}{2} {{N-1}\choose \frac{N-1}{2}}[F(\frac{N-1}{2})]^2$
Can I do it :blobaww:
but orz orz 300 problems
Jerry austin isaiah susan esther.
yeah so do that for info
what’s the factorisation of your mod
i write everything in python except bf
Brain dead turbo the snail
wait what it's not the only partition point
move everything u can to one thingy
and u could either try to solve normally or figure out what the answer is
to get the full vce experience :blobaww:
Bruh awu with his 30 🤓
ok someone was cutting vegetables
looks too.. out of place
isn't that just interactive
i wonder who this is
he’s like the most troll teacher ever tho
ppl whose names are ugandan will get gold in ioi this year
like the younger half of the year turns 16 in y11
@Lithanium I think I have a sol for the joi tree thing but I need lct/ett :notlikeblob:
wait but it doesn't change the fact u don't have ac
(rip imma get blocked by philip now)
i swear qoj is cooked
wait @/// whats this tech
hiring is like hardest problem
Run by this teacher.
wait @caterpillow lmao are you part of the camp selection committee
if ur max value is small u can use a segtree walk
it takes them 8 to finish it
bestie 🤝 we are tkaing a trip to the hospital
Top 10 unsolved mysteries of my info journey.
and i think hell nah i'm not going to be the first
file io is just aio right
what happens if we destroy gender
mine is like 0.2s iterative
cuz it might screw up on some interactioves
honestly, rally didn’t need spoiling
wait so what happened to the part about updates before queries
Non minimal length using their algorithm
wait can’t i just like greedy it
omg ive been trying to write an english essay the whole day
WE ALL HAD THAT FAKESOLVE
ask chatgpt to debug
i have seen that photo before
they look very realistic
BRO WE WOULD'VE WON PROBS?????
LOLLLL they bought cylinders for the experiment?
Does subset mean not equal??
max godfrey and joshc
Where the "active" nodes are nodes that have a descendant in the set.
Bruh how do you make three jumps 💀
Cos naman got 400 and wasn’t invited :blobsad:
@awuwtf look at horiseun's ruka hof
I woke up just then.
OK nobody in the cult has.
nathan i have unfortunate urban dictionary definitions for you
ive been caught in the crossfire
I need treap instead of segtree I just realised
or even provincial team
i don't like tsunderes
For 4 we went for the “we ran out of time sorry :(” strat again.
Judging by their name I'd say David lol
going to make a set of every problem u dont have ac on and give it to both of u
i can compile and it will give expected output
isnt this just free m\*ney
yeah z key is pretty close to s 😔
my proof by ac is very trivial
Hint 27: resubmit and pray for a faster grading machine
bruh why r u learning persistent segtree
i said *i* don’t care
@Matthewwww if you spill more i might change my mind about restoring balance
"no need to check verdict"
woah when did @moonpole rejoin
i remember buying that book in y7
in 2022 all the blogs were like insane techniques now they’re just like “reporting this cheater” “an extension i made coz i want contrib”
Should’ve detained gabe.
Nah it’s better not to know
like i don’t like switching but ig people are different
he just enforced quietness
how old is that guy???
weait let me touch it up a bit
That makes it worthwhile
u are bad at playing with plane
that is umm very elephant of you (?)
When I unrolled the loop, it didn't let me submit.
ANDY GAVE ME A COMPGEO PROBLEM TODAY
if u use a vector u are guaranteed to have a bug
13 points for each common trigram
💀 i have a sudden urge to go on a banning spree
yeah the constants are fat
caterpillow said he would tell angus
it's in server somewhere
was not a smart move in hindsight
30 prombles last week :orz:
left of that is angel?
@alexa (*SLSNST) 🥺 👉 👈
i'm trying to show that if adding is allowed, then it's optimal
ive had worse trial exams
it looks a bit ugly as brick
already established like
an info person sumbitted an hour ago?
or ig we could just cancel the whole thing and organise it not at midnight the day before 💀
it's quite long and it's a plural
Lowkey the ILikCoding guy already did that.
Alexander wang you never cease to make me laugh.
idk how many "//"s know jerry
and i’ve been doing div2 b’s for like the last month
and ||trie buffered with words because spaces are weird|| is sqrt yay
bruh i don't wanna think about how much school stuff i gotta do after camp
omg multiple choice info contest
cheah are you a man of your word
bc i alr had to use \\{
speedforces impl and bash impl are like different skills
nah the sample outputs don't have pattern
uh... do we really need to know that
then it can't possibly run in the dfs
why does my code not get full 😡
the french made the fario, and the fario made me ~~sad~~ emotionally ambiguous
Rip Andy back in silver
Ong @caterpillow dm raveen or smth pls 😭
never before taking spec
so people don't get hm 😭
as merlin i know for a fact that he's mordred
like after every lecture
maid dress felix at april
idk i cant think of a comparison
i still find it insane that one can work as a software engineer before getting a degree
it seems kinda harmless rn though
they are only broken because of context
torusia isn't even possible 😭
"are they orz in info"?
Friendship is reciprocal though
Make a good sim annealing
eleephant is like bigger than dog so that's like better right
The animations are so nice
u can send dm without friending
4/8/0 literally beats my trial exam 5 score 💀
16 penalties is -16*50
because that was handicapped div2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Center_embedding
anyone wanna run some output onlys?
ohhh so its the french australian-regional olympiad
i wouldn’t mind camping if i have a good group to chat with but the toilet situation is the major issue
Don’t forget the portable hibachi
did he say it last year lol
U only have 1 year left 🙏
at most 1 submission at any time
Ron do the 30p joi w/ me.
where u try to imaginue
i am on discord website
You can do that for easier problems which trivialises them
lol yeah i told him to
Henry, Louis, Elizabeth, etc.
it looks kinda satisfying
it's like 1:1 representation of my info skills
how well did you do?
do u not have an editorr
Surely icpc world finals
the scoreboard is mostly just to check in once in a while
She didn't do aio at my school
A greedy typically gets like at least 30-80
Too ching chong for me.
stone personality type??
the exchange argument
but its not worth the effort it probably wont change sht
im not orz enough to tutor
what is inauthentic blahaj
why is orac dying on my potw
you can make basically every number up to the total sum using those weights
You can't tell but it is big 👍
the whiteboard cat is returned
justin about to push std::generate
it's just kinda unfair that's all
Coz I thought I remembered seeing u and awu instead headsolve it at some point
Bro wtf is going on 🗿
Alex should buy new stuff
You don't even need access lol.
💀 i just evaluated tan(π/6) by doing sin(π/2-π/3)/cos(π/2-π/3)
~~you didn't do ioi therefore it doesn't exist~~ :(
does matthew w have that badge
i buy, contingent on the fact that you don’t actually like wearing dresses
ksjdfksdfjgkdfj?????
It was just like bad
it's been 1 year since the justin anatol <-> miles
What is the advantage of that.
I’m actually gonna die on impl
i have backwards too
yeah but this is ford fulkerson but we do bfs instead of dfs
ok i def know who I\_Love\_Nathan\_Zhou is 💀
alexa typing an essay rn
Output only skill tierlist
wait is that the burgman couch
i think matthew’s thing IS ron’s thing but better
checks a bool condition to determine the resulting type
idk not now maybe later
Have you seen arthur since you consumed the food.
there should be a JC verdict. like Judge Correct instead of Judge Error
and having same surname
I definitely didn't fakesolve I'm like 100% confident.
oh @// do u still want my orac submitting script
It came up in this lecture I went to today lol.
even if its unintentionally transparent
if you consider the interval of the dates that the fario was sat, FARIO\_n overlaps with FARIO\_{n+1} for all n from 2015 to 2022
i am not looking forward to it 😖
better not be amonguspvp 2
is there seln embargo
@caterpillow you need to sell caterpillow plushies as merch.
Bruh I don’t think it’s worth going to the camp thingy tho
Why these guys all so weird names.
ccgs actively patches loopholes?
I WANNA GO TO SCOTCH
hld lca is pretty op
now you know that typing out "orbiue afhew oipa gopuva sjkafd slkjq ewhu ysvdfhisdvljk c vcxlkj oiu5yu i4lkj sxcjhksf gjh sefg;ojin gfsojnh szmnefwahgkixfdgbjuh34t8y9vdfnkjwo uvw23r4 9y84r2 23r8ufe ohi23 8ed whosdc lg wour23 u092 4ic wdlkji 24rpij2r309u  y08fohi sdfpij  8 ry8 y2r4r2 4u9h2r oljn wero ir2380u2 54t 34u9 gsfr ui2v0825250 u8" will not help you realise if typing out "orbiue afhew oipa gopuva sjkafd slkjq ewhu ysvdfhisdvljk c vcxlkj oiu5yu i4lkj sxcjhksf gjh sefg;ojin gfsojnh szmnefwahgkixfdgbjuh34t8y9vdfnkjwo uvw23r4 9y84r2 23r8ufe ohi23 8ed whosdc lg wour23 u092 4ic wdlkji 24rpij2r309u  y08fohi sdfpij  8 ry8 y2r4r2 4u9h2r oljn wero ir2380u2 54t 34u9 gsfr ui2v0825250 u8" will bring you catharsis
wait why do u even need this
what does it show then
More cooked I think.
Dumplings was free partials
pinnacle.disintegrate() takes O(0) time
are you a codebreaker problem? because i think i could fix all your problems
Actually then i realised the fans weren't on 💀
u shouldn’t need anything u don’t learn since y7 digital thinking
i also read it in japanese
extrapolating this data he will have 720 solves by dec camp
it says "here because xxx amortization xxx proof ommitted, it is actually worst case n sqrt n"
how do u sqrt connect wtf
jk I don't code in light mode
I'm gonna crash out if intended sol is an ev dp.
Gamble organises att in the afternoon anyway so we don’t miss school sport even if we do it
idk man i forget stuff
i accidentally pasted my source code in the comments thinking it was the submission box and i cant delete it now
I was so tempted to make a sexism joke for like 5 minutes
this is what it looks like
were they well dressed
for some rice and currry
idk u guys can go watch urselves
||knapsack                ||??
same with centroid decomp
i love trees with cycles
@Lithanium what did u get for q30
bruh i already told them that
Mod A, B, C, common?
wa scotch is only good at sport
yeah idk what this is
I remember i solved first 5 in <1 hour
like u need to fill the entire thing right
did you not go all 2 times
BRO I SOLVED IT WHEN I WAS 13
Because I know that I’m going to need a generator for full later
isn’t it literally the same
Just count the reply ones
can we pretty please make the first guy y = floor(x)
shouldn't they have more budget from not having to pay for ioi
basically hill climbing but you can accept a worse solution with a certain probability that gets smaller as time goes on
Just do it over diff array
all in gang >= andy hedged bet
wtf ojuz doesn’t have egoi
and fking amt had to take a mark off q9 or q10
@DaBestTiger do you have any game recs
idk what’s happening here
erm visible != visual
oh wait i dont have anyones code :/
pinnacle island or something idk
so u are just scamming a tiny shady crypto company without a future
no more money glitch :(
IT'S NOT FRICKING ROCKET SCIENCE.
Here you get one bit so how many possibilities can you eliminate
it accepts lots of variants of i am
bro have you seen miles’s family
maybe they clicked on our profiles from the ioi teams blog
I swear i gave him alex already
but we haven't gotten past the start yet 🗿
Well both games are amenable to this sort of thing
good thing its not a badmington trial exam
||it should always be possible once you see all the emails||
Ohhhh wait i should put my music player there 😀 💡
I know how to counter ppl who use my strat
I think joking abt your dad having above avg money is hilarious.
beat em in egoi virtual and u can beat her for ioi
what if he was actually grnding
like u solve the block
Andy can I Cbb to find the site
Nah it’s like more cooked than that
~~maid dresses for charity at dec~~
the other teams dont have enough diversity smh
i was scared for a sec bc the bots still online
why are there 50 subtasks
wtf. your besties are immortal?
i'll do it for u trust
for some reason it's not pulling
shouldnt you have more points the longer the match
dw what i've impled so far is my solution from october last year
and it went forwards
my artarmon address?
is amsg gaslighting us
gods of rng grant me a match w aiden
wait can someone send me invite linklol
i dont think u can get around that
like not in a weird way
ok then tell me the better way
and i needed to be down by 7:50 right
How do u even get over 8
@amongus_pvp teach this man the way
what could one possibly dislike ab linux users 😭
Aiden think of like.
@awu kenny’s explanation is confusing
but you can get an intuition for roughly how good anything is
before it was snowfox
If ||segtree|| counts as alpha then ig it is alpha only.
NDOSH YOU MFJUST UNERSTAND
hell nah i have ptsd from that
like i could have just used the same segtree but reversed the indexing but off by 1's are too scary so i just wrote everything twice
wait lemme see if i can find them on dmoj
wtf we met jerry mao
tf why does my code re on ojuz
yeah idk i've written 1 english essays like ever and that was in last year's exam 🙁
so unless they r splitting up invites for people in the same school...
you're selling the idea of you climbing stairs
disney moving thirds
lmao justin i still cant believe u saw that in the news 💀
no the sqrt solution is clean and generalises to more than 2 people
anyway i think we have different reactions to human bias
Ms chen gives you candy?
we installed a backdoor to the cse labs last week and we have access to all of unsw's computing power
yeah i'm sure there exists a test that breaks it
https://www.newai.com.au/
or u could copyright ur method + code
yeah thast what im thinking
OK like sure but it's a bad example right 💀
UNSW CLEARLY DIDNT THINK ABOUT THIS
I can cut the circle into a line 💠
like he writes a cpp generator 💀
did unsw make icpc wf too
DISCUSSIONS >> PHILOSOPHY.
That was my initial idea
But I'm considering it.
Do what you did with yup meng
bruh my 9k line code doesn't even ac
masterclass in constant squeezing 💪
@Aiyiyi do you have any dress recommendations
i’m doing only ||immediate line to left and immediate to right ||
@Matthewwww can u send source for potw 3 and 4
Pit them against each other
whatever it is what it is
gender is just a social construct anyway
Oh i understand now thanks for clarifying
it looks a bit harsh (?)
i actually don’t know
now the script doesnt work .-.
you need to either speak french and asutralian sign language simultaneously or french sign language and australian sign language simultaneously
"new comment" = "submission"
matthew secret debrief
👀 and 👁️ 👁️ are different emotions
where did 70 come from
so you just use the room, not the site right
i went to bed at 4am last night
altho my computer is very fast
@amongus_pvp wtf you know pseg????? :orz: :orz:
it might ujst be sample case moments tho
once i ragequit a dmoj contest, left for an hour, realised my bug was trailing whitespace, went back, ac, requested unrated, got a positive delta anyway
Also *Clarifying *Noun :)
any linux vm is sufficiently close
what even is a science museum
you hit the stack limit
it gives some random error
Like that doesn't require any observations.
Why has no one done trial exams 7 8 or 9
Wait and what's the other case?
and they were like 'nah ur wrong'
i dont have traditional chinese
Reads all input in O(1)?
this is what happens when u hardcode the operations
AND DO NOT DISTRIBUTE TO ANYONE
ive decided that i'll probably accept if i get invite
how do you update the first instance in the map
cluster points which are connected
Lol bruh you did still unsay everything
i know exactly 0 of them
@georgec just tell us if it’s icpc
No we beat zalau (empirically).
nathan has some thing which only shows 2 mutual friends
seln should be based upon height
yeah it's probably 50% for yes/no
:jstn::justin1::justin2::justin3::justin4:
But honestly #general0, #general1, …, #general4 or wtv would make a lot of sense.
(guess which one it is)
actually that looks kinda nice
wait i dont understand the statment for postmen
Merge sort tree is disgusting
most problems are 1e5
Today we called jerry.
next and prev work on any bidirectional iterator
only works for addition 💀
i’m using the mirror
Oh right that makes sense
damn sorted top bottom is actually quite good
i see sammyuri on the street regularly
my teacher just gave me this
huh since when was this set public
rowan why do you backread so much
what who's the 4th person
don't u get seln anyways
~~not what I did for make square~~
lmao alr matthew is stealing ur shirt
we can view other peoples' submission links?
i still don’t know why
@caterpillow #major-problem-spoiling
but then my muscle memory might get fucked
CITIZENSHIP FAKESOLVE COUNT: 15
the installation guide is trivial
nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom
In the vc at some point.
here in case he changes it
Ooh no no I have even better.
i already sent you it :)))
bruh the last minute counter strat didnt work
OK suppose we've found this sol right.
||Hill climb I believe.||
But I haven’t properly thought about anything except for dice straight
@Matthew Lin's #2 fan ilnz1 retreat
can somebody rescure my clion
WHO IS READY FOR AN IOI VIRTUAL
and call upper and lower bound x
how is alexa only on 200 😭
oh rip why did i think that would be different 😭
please kindly tell me which part of the brain maps to throwing projectiles skills i am DYING to know
damn i genuinely cant remember book 6
and scrambled and damocode and jacobli
No ljke ioi trial exam
See philip in the 21st century you can’t make these assumptions.
we are making him do the form
hmm i see how justin's "deleting" trick works
specialist english language german chemistry physics umep maths
@caterpillow did you know abt this.
bro the ceo scott wu is literally a lgm
@caterpillow can we do acts entry contest :blobaww: :blobaww: :blobaww:
are we kicking him out again
how many bits of information
two years of downloading random shit and never deleting
i cant solve it (i haven't even looked at the problem statement)
We should also random shuffle rooms
also point update point query segtree
i swear i havent seen that
quang was counting to 10 with chatgpt
Frick I just said treap 5 more times today.
our code is 8x faster than urs
is this liek birthday paradox
bruh just do the dfs
im assuming its just some constant factor
He gives me free codebreakers every few days
wait who initially said that sentence
the solution is in the thumbnail
YES GIVE ME IOI MENTOR SET PROBLEMS
LKMAJSJDLF;DKASFJKLAHDSHJLFA;DSOJL;KFADS
i swear usaco's website is now pinker
so i have more incentive to ak
PARTY JMODE ‼️ ‼️ ‼️
I am also very surprised about the gender ratio
bruh i didn't even die to the explodey part
yeah andy had a similar remark made
they arent letting me in
You can only travel a little bit into the future 😔
after i changed 1e18 to ``const ll INF = 1e18` the code worked
Yeah it is very different
just google iranian ambassador australia or smt
unless u go to a 1 star hotel
I HAVE TWO HLD PROBLEMS.
Mine is rly hard to improve.
:kekw: one would assume the people typing are `Anatol`, `Apparently` and `awu`
stack frames are expensive
then use that soln to explain it
very big labour fan and very big green hater
i forget how davinci worsk
wait guys how much is the washing machine at perouse
genetically equivalent to strangers
we were the last like external selective stream
You have literally solved problems Andy hasn’t
im gonna search it up
Lolll 5th solve, no more hof @awu rip.
Could sell them for $20.
you can make them vertical iirc
maybe just do queries then
some guy just randomly mentioned it
just sqrt it + O(sqrt(n))
;hitlist justin_g_20 Double_Slash
we thought we were getting replaced by ~~ai~~ him
no china = no RainFox
Then there’s also tree type formatting
To edit at time t you just do a[i][t] = v.
philip trying to circumvent spyware smh
i didnt make the data
backreading requires an insane attention span
mountain umbrellas or something idk
i wish orac had brick oj
'what is the difference between data and information'
||You have two nested for loops per node.||
but i definitely have at least a subset
if its melbourne uni then yes
ive come to the conclusion that data structures is fake info
he might try to test us on what he taught lol
i see the china team
but you can thing of it as that
also @caterpillow justin promised terence his maid dress when we get back to perth
my 3rd year and i still didnt get april :(
than being saved by a fireman
awen awu other awu awang...
But you can #define ⛱️ ;
bounding by omega just means it will halt 💀
ooh this is the ||loli|| problem
https://orac2.info/problem/alpha23pearls/hof/caterpillow
mexican wave != mexican standoff
They would be ignored
it's like the wrong colour 😐
bruh the ps is a big ass wall of text
depends on which bird
that is a lot more than the amount of physical memory we have
Bruh like why can’t we stay in unsw dorms
i was right all along
wtf mos but only incrementing 🤨
@WendidIask how tf do you read input for network
alr that guy def went all in, this is further proof that all in is the best strat
Isn't it group theory?
WHO HNEEDS TO BE ABLEJK TO READ OHTER EMSSAGES PROEPRLY
and then i timed myself
sometimes you can stay up until 3am
wait i think mor elike 2200s
wa guys what time is it currrently
Yeah I never thought of that.
He’s just trying to pretend he didn’t to extort more information
JJK IS THE BEST THING EVER
wait oh so is that why i have chromium somehow installed
Was *that* what you were stuck on?
cube akari solve orz
chris qiu orz 1 point above bronze cutoff
they did test against itself tho
everything else is true?
i am pinnacle #1 stalker
this one is justr schizo idk
ok i'm removing that emoji
@amongus_pvp do this aiio right now
time flies like an arrow; more fruit flies like a banana than i do
recursive bsearch is literally just loop bsearch without a loop
how do i have electron installed
we alwayas had like 7 slots left
You just return in the for loop.
i'd do it for free if the socks are sponsored
maybe ORAC's security systems got built on the French side on that problem
its just givng me 3 letter words
IM ONLY TRYING TO PREPROCESS  2 MILLION INTEGERS 😭
OK wtv I'm starting.
LETS GO THE DATA IS RLY WEAK
isn’t chmin equivalent to range set
bruh everything is green 💀
solve all 10 challenges in the next 3 hours
nah this dies as soon as you link or cut anything
what overloads can you even do for lines
nathan has lots of trauma from not doing that
actually, mine also had a bug
@Matthewwww still waiting on the free kisses
It is utterly useless
bro why tf do u use list
Lock in comprehension.
all i have to go off is this
info imitates reality
NUH UH I DIBS’D THAT
wtf how is there a 10 cm spider
Which are all less than the mod.
this is more than a rickroll
ur going to accept 100%
Bsearch to find last which is diffferent
okay ill turn it back to 1 in 36 chance
ettt is much better than arrayser
That literally doesn't make sense.
i forgot hte password AND the email :(
without grpah matching
This is a common technique in China
u could impl a random access deque with a vector
with basic math u can figure out the value of some segment
2 communication problem exam :blobsad:
well that’s what i do anyway
i legit still dont know the meaning of basic words
you just got hit by the Real. -> Wow. -> Tty tmr gn. combo
how is everyone so orz at ma3
i cant sdign in bruh
it's a very simple trick
pls tell me how to cope
so calling someone the shortened form of pusillanimous isn't disrespectful?
OK I would normally give you 🐌 but you split your msg in half so idk how to deal w/ that 💀
is there calculus in oly?
Damn pinnacle emojis
the cat ears are of course very important to the monitor setuyp
what is this caulfield place
yeah wow i usually have less than four prostrating men under my messages
what if u want to type qq
my st2 works on dmoj
lemme read the problme
and sometimes it steals the s sound
wait did you make that
its not stalking if i check *after* it gets brought up
no like the holidays after that
rip i don’t think progcomp pays for flights :blobsad:
wait isn’t it 1x2 and 2x2
always seen at top of function
then just becomes orz
To like make it a secure device or smthing
Can you guys complete my survey for my micro class
It's like W/L score - score W/L.
Where does Josh scale into this
wait wtf i can play the livestream at 2x speed???
;hitlist Sirhc_47 justin_g_20
:Highresolutionfelix: :orz:
omg in extended tute last week we got a bedtime story 🗿
there is no way melb to sydney is only 150
e.g. dec23, dec24 but not apr23
alpha, doesn't matter
it’s a meme from ausinfo
I support gay rights!
it makes it go backwards
without recursive backtrack
bc matthew is addicted with that cat
https://ccgs-my.sharepoint.com/:b:/g/personal/1020880_student_ccgs_wa_edu_au/EX_SN5Q4UStKlTpxB5cEdYMBUmELSkdXvP3dq3GTrYo8ww?e=57bZjK
I’m gonna do day 1 tmrw if someone reminds me
@awu how was the ball.
I love so you much 👍
full is probably smthing super cringe like trigrams or smthing
But we’re talking programming
r u allowed to leak the problems
i dont want to have to zoom out a bunch to see my graph
No sh*t it’s world-class it’s the same sea and same sun 💀
oh wait i need to make move
i know when december camp is :kekw:
to remove the math part
angus asked me to review the proofs before day 2 and i got lost on the second last subtask
lol I skipped c and d and went to e
Ah but perth itself is less relevant.
OK here lemme cancel that one for you.
every time i see 2d coords i get scared because ive shot myself in the foot so many times by mixing grid coords and array indices
so even if i make off by ones, it doesn’t matter
number of lies nathan has said
but im saying if you made money from the stand too
how do u even oeis it
Did you like go to the wrong room.
did u not solve ||spire||
I was deciding between impling an n! * n^2 bf for n <= 4 or handwriting the 24 cases 💀
How do you know then.
I TRYING TO CHANGE IT BACK.
i’m like the only australian who cannot implement a segtree consistently
at that point just rebuild
Actually, I kinda see knapsack as a stateswap?
it’s 2^n *n * choose complexity but my choose complexity is like b because i’m lazy
C’mon where the pics.
literally everyone (except nathan) got the same score on all the trial exams
LETS GO AC ON CLOSEST COWS WIN
@justin_g_20 u will meet carlos again during ioi 2025
alr we going through max flow and bipartite matching from square one
sorry, who was the original, again?
idk why firefox font is so ugly
i am exploiting the transitive nature of wining
aadlkjadfljkadffalksdf
i gave this to one of my math friends
~~And I bet alexa has impled that exact thing before in scratch.~~
I think it’s ’05 tho.
What else am I referring to.
math camp had really rigged rooms
there will likely be a lot of math campers who decline
bc ur code is like 250 lines
@// wanna debug caffeine consumption
lmao it *is* windows 7
like disprove chatgpt's proof then
antidorothy is this a request?
bro my elephants is actually an outrageously difficult codebreaker
since b is probably trivial for them
who is this teacher anyway
then i can run commands on orac right
It’s on GitHub somewhere
i still don't understand how unordered_map + log can't pass 200k with 3 secs
well you want to you just have a bigger want to not be fat
french & asutralian regional olympiad
the only colour matthew is going to get this year is 🥇
it has like 400 updoots
Um idk mb half an hour.
omds how are you still ahead
:justin1::justin2::justin3::justin4:
dp[u] is just like a staircase
get as many leaves to one square as possible
is that your bd or [redacted]'s bd
What would be optimal
maybe he got 210 and like didnt realise it was good
at that point it's just lca on mst
i think proving that the events are independent are easier
so i just take some random guy and promote them to tutor for the day??
but this is fake polynomial
it def preserves information theory
what is this character LMFAOO
wait, why can't we just. ping austin ourselves
she was the goat teacher
why is reversed(matrix[i]) not a thing
Oh god my purview idea.
why aren't u on friend lb
I always thought i was positive root.
What's I'm not playing scratch games every 10 minutes.
i am dying trying to make website rn
this model is like next level cracked
why is "bots" above "person"
but the fact u want mod implies that you want to do something with it no?
how do i memorise quotes
surely make a summit command 🙏
It’s not rly a ds tree like segtree.
yeah i farmed the alpha sets that i had been procrastinating on
is it the one to do with a church or smt
one of the new alphas wants to join
So if I solve this I can solve it!!
are the maps rushable
bruh, i don’t see any bugs tho
ofc a stone could solve it
How does this get 100
60 art is the dumb solution
did u end up simd'ing
this program would be so much simpler in chinese damn
If you were testing mle locally.
i didnt make december this year ;-;
U should solve Koh lanta before u sleep
Which is why I’m good at it
i am done with info forever 🫡
bruh rip i'll get smited
oh true u could just dfs
and its generally easier as an alpha
SPOILWEIRTLIAWEHGIOEAWHG
i wasnt even trying to make a golf 💀
wait what does that spoil
they should make a big google form
He is a goated teacher tho :orz:
why is there always one np hard problem 😭 😭
bcos we thought we were cooked
have you been doing this the whole day 💀
other one was a bit of an acquired taste
why does it look like the photo was compressed vertically
i think this is a lethal amount of alcohol already
nathan if you solve all ioi problems now
my kanji is very good
Bro needs to install stuff 🤡
why is art class sliding scale so evil
like if x is between 0 and inf dont make it generate between 1 and 10 or something 💀
did he just mog everyone in aiio and fario :orz:
can u bring a whole monitor
;LAKJSFDFJL;DKSAFJ;LKODAS J;KFLDASL;JKFDASJ;FLKASDJL;FAKSDJ;LFKASDE;JLKFASD;JLKFADSL;JKFDAS
But 2500^2 is way too big for max flow.
O3 is general optimisations
it’s just a ||set sweepline||
so much more serious
Ours is jsut lkke the tea cuh er
I think some like 1/(x + 1)^2 or smth don’t work.
ig i could declare the props inline yeah
nah but you can never properly censor language
BEST FEARURE SINCE SLICED SERACHE BARS
i think of a solution then pray for max score
Sh*t spark has good econ on oasis.
lmao i put **cat**erpillow on my final el exam
does \@everyone work
its all so meticulous
yeah that’s same as theirs
:slice: :slice: :slice: 😀
all have already been guessed i thinn
you reach some situation where everything is 6+
oh bruh i interpreted 'common end' as like
wtf i have corey's party 2
so it could be reallyyy far away
To match with hyperbolic paraboloids.
but i have a specialcase for subtask 1
if u have a list of like heights, do you call the array `height` or `heights`
Last time he had a Chinese passport so likr couldn’t get a visa or smthing
Nathan can u run the script purely to stalk Justin
also i'm pretty sure ears do not look like that
$customcd :justin1: :justin2: :justin3: :justin4:
mr honnens probably knows everything about you alr
yo no way this works too?
@Lithanium this is quadrants but better 🤡
now that i think about it
ONLINE REGIONAL ALGORITHMIC CONTEST :orz:
Wait you can see in hof LOL.
there are def enough points to get her to silver
is it not correct tho
download the test data lmao
but by trig sub i meant like
bruh i guarantee our camp is worse than urs
Nah but our (the general consensus) reason for not liking arrayser isn't cos it's hard.
idk what happened to angus
Only ppl who have solved space pirate can click: ||WTF ORZ ORZ :orz: ||
i sense an adaptive grader
i still dk how to do the maths rip
we need to cull like 18
@awu I was tweaking some constants in my languages, and I realised that as my solution approached yours the score approached 100.
But my solution is definitely overkill since i need either a segtree or order statistic tree
so many ppl in my class(es) look like theyre enjoying the course so much
with certain terms and conditions
Did caterpillow do 2d segtree?
is that a real number or
It is now telling me that there are 80 4-bit integers.
is the canon small large
1 horse = will run some amount of distance before it is exhausted
ok ioi 2025 gold medallist matthew shi xuan lin
or "try to make end as close to begin as possible without being a valid element"
i'm almost at 100 submits 😅
time to dump 2gb of output
This is such a goated map for flicker.
Also my ruka still tle 😠
It’s the one where you allocate vehicles in some multistorey carpark.
why are you speaking like a wizard giving one last prophecy to the hero before he dies
no, i think my interpretation is more practical
bro actually did amc and cat 🤓 🤓 🤓
and convince the tutors to join in
and informatics in general
who tf is harrry potter
Nah I don't have time for nzic.
@/// Philip is so much of a better teacher than you
in fairness you've been in an all-boys' for like 4 years
i quit after getting 220 in an hour
does nsw have methods
WAIT NO  THATS PROJECT SEKAI
wait why is E so much harder than f LMAOO
▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀
this was sent but deleted here
the tl on orac was too loose
Omg who is imitating me
hah take that discord
use ur ioi aura to mog it away
and you get to delete an entire segment tree
he has never been secretive about it
bruh i was just being dumb
i don't know anything except that it's a sport and i'm pretty sure they have funny-shaped balls
but dw trial exam scores don't go towards anything as angus said 🙂
what competition is thus
porcelain pots and pans
it will be very interesting to see end of week solution
bro i cannot believe you lost to bruteforcer within 20 rounds in sprint 2
with a name like that she could definitely ak day 2
all the values should be >=0 anyways so i could have just used -1
dont all countries just use their own platform
or just sparse/lazy segment tree
OK I thought aio bc alex hasn’t solved.
since I had minor bugs for sub 1 and 2 of p1 and 3, respectively
Nathan’s 50 cents is a fiction crafted to reveal the depths of the human subconscious to whoever he scams with it
Where do they send invite to
Well not trivial but like super easy.
how can you have a messed up schedule with a curfew
Austin why aren't you asleep?
i swear ac in 30 minutes is like actually impossible
orac doesnt have automatic correct output data generators
I ac'ed joi watching on phone 🗿
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/2018/E2
I full solved ||Fisher||
"every egoi we check discord and it's just andy being based in pinnacle again" -- christina, 2025
i dont even know half the functions in here
eh ur a fair bit away
Neither of the other two have.
no but the six times i do it counters that
I'd like to see you beat us.
Yk apparently levi ak'ed alpha exam 1 in 1.5h and then solved type printer.
nathan turns his solutions sideways and makes it snow too much
~~on the bright side u can now do progcomp!~~
Not ur nerfed version
what is a union of fakesolve
have you guys figured it out yet
X or Y means if X X else Y
then your age is the current year-2000
POTABLE IS A WORD???
otherwise we can't achieve setting off all 4 bots at once
um i did not notice the zky subsequence
we can crash out together
as u go out from the origin
wait did i tell u about how ccgs principal came to talk to me to tell me to promote the school
and what rating am i
MY GAME JUST FINISHED
and everyone went home memorising answers to fake leaked exams 😭
can i have some super reactions please
@Uasoni bayes theorem!!
💀 why is the german photo on the english wikipedia page
That was my purview idea.
OK I can fry an egg too.
wait i don't know it past this 💀
aliens set is just aliens trick
wtf isn’t aiio 3 hours
Atcoder rating gain is slow
ITS A 1 MAN TEAM ANYWAY
eg all tutors in this discord
interactives are generally free points
it’s like the same as the stair climbing one
and do proof by picture
💀 andy are u a furry expert
lol ymq alr impl'ed it
is urs ||do all 0 to 1 last, then 1 to 0 first and then check if 1 to 1 being 1 to 0 to 1 make it smaller||
Nobody likes birthdays?
last point-scoring submission is more sigma
if u remember the problem this should take 5 seconds 🗿
And got a weird thing.
@justin_g_20 race connect?
jazzy is an unfair word
all they care about is sub n^2
plot armour :orz: :orz: :orz:
since when did we have that lmao
i'm actually genuinely curious
wait who actually is ryno
the stalling is emergent behaviour from a mirror matchup
it feels like it would be kinda ass ngl
that is a very interesting variety of content
i saw sydney flood warnings :kekw:
and the orz stuff that felix keeps telling me about that i dont understand
Pin that so we don't forget.
where they on some unordered list
ishraq huda can probably solo all the tutors
do u legitimately have a dietary req
Well I don't see what pos == 0 has to do with it.
it would be cool if they could put like
like half of bronze+ have solved it
Surely centroid > hld > sqrt.
the solution to connect is very obviously correct imo so its probably not
you could block an ip that makes too many requests or something
OK I looked into fast solution.
but if you like wearing dresses then wearing a dress simply shows the accurate amount of queer you are
but i would be higher but i checked a lot of the ai api and related stuff because of the cambridge python bootcamp
||You sweep across the values, right? I sweep from down to up across x.||
oh yeah and i^2=-1 might also be important
My dad is a physics goat tho.
NATHAN HAS N GIRLFRIENDS?
gad'BIGUHYADSUIH;AGDSFHIUNGADJSHUIOGAJNDNSJHIUGANDJSIHUGNALJDKSHIUGALNDNBJKSIHULGNJBKADSIHUGLNASHIUGLAFNSGIHALUSDFGAHISULGADSHUILGDASSHUILGADSHUILJGDAS
I meant if other people got extra time I don’t want to wait for them
to see nathan try to work it out lmao
can u remove the curly brackets around the for now
n is arbitrarily large 💀
i read it as "textbook hld" 🗽
doesn't quite work like that
Does this sound ron?
you need to add your cookies
this was like way more recent
https://xkcd.com/488/
@// are you gonna continue your trial exam
wait i don't get what i'm meant to find
it's a well known technique
bruh how do u not know
enable_if returns void if false
aren't reds liek addition N
the more reason to bring pc
it's called brute force
let `+` be your magic operator u want to use for the sgtree
Rather than struggle through camp problems together with everyone else I’m off grinding jois instead
try appending the dates arrays
i swear it depends on where u look
rip i just thought of something with lazy create
it's like estimating the strength if the team did it in icpc style
it’s either speedforces constructionforces or impossibleforces
10 + 2 + 1 + 131 = 144
wait so what is philip force pushing
what is confusing about and
there's a simple way to determine how i type stuff
but there are always ppl who graduate/move on
yeah graph theory sets
do u want to know solution after ur timer
good to see im not the only one that doesnt like unimelb 💀
What does that have to do w/ test data 😕
nah i got rid of most default emacs keybinds and made my own
lmao vimrc on mobile is crazy
ssshhh pls dont tell felix about ssh
Cdq is offline tho??
👀 zhoukangyang ak when
Is the thing in a structured binding declaration not treated as a variable?
you can do the ||2d psa lazily with an extra log||
and we are actually scheming something 💀
nah i just did exceptionally well on amo
I have an interview on friday at midnight 💀
anyone who doesnt use structured binding is disgusting
i think that's how it works anyway
Damn my 2nd + 3rd + 4th most submissions are still less than 1st.
lithanium kinda sounds like a drug imo
and maybe he doesnt know that it got unrated
i have never even written that much in like a school exam
at some point, practice isn't going to get u far
So he just walked away.
Yeah but we’d have me 😆
just not going around running testcases
i forgot to cancel the server boost
and then i found this
i don't really remember, my solution was honestly just a mess
and like 0.3 on luogu 🔥
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQtSjhC39qY
what if i don't have access
than spaceship shuffle but you only go rightg
“like 90” = 99 :orz:
im finehaveanormaluysername!
all N submissions are being rejudged
I have a shortcut for up 5 lines and it takes <1s to get to the top by holding that down
~~i need someone to leak seln~~
i thought that said May
nobody doing atcoder 😭
WTF CHRISTINA SOLVED?
what is grovers search
||So your segtree val needs to store like two versions? One with an offset and one without?||
i thought celeste is just a platformer
if you're not confident with alpha content then you can ask the tutors to go to the alpha lecture
i think they also mean ioi/egoi cuz that's in the form they sent
Hm what could be a good seln server pfp.
wait i onlky just realised black bear isnt a real discord emoji what
but it doesnt tell me where the trains are going, only the ID of the terminus (direction_id)
there doesnt seem to be a hole in the message history
I was crashing out ts morning
https://codeforces.com/problemset?tags=fft
and why does it have fhq
i think you need to pay them to see it
What does the q mean?
shortest paths is less cancer than two five (i think)
No it's not identical.
phone the brazilian ioi team leader
where the weights are decresaing
"im playing counting irl"
Eh dec is irrelevant anyway
i just pulled off the biggest heist
there are more traditional info problems like shopping and exploring (i’m guessing idk the sol)
~~meanwhile all the tutors running orac export scripts~~
It literally doesn't say.
it looks like every1 is using nerfed treap
lol i have the programmer aura ig :philip:
how is urs longer than mine
I hit a brick wall for D.
because after all the matthew route is just a roundabout way of getting good at info
egmo is just as competitive
so basically angus asked me
impl problems are boring
sure ig if you want??
@justin_g_20 do u trust
and then when i eat at some cafeteria
U bf all n^2 pairs of intersections with that line and find dist one way then other way then bash to account for going over the line multiple times if u go into the other section then back
ok maybe the sword is realllyyy long...?
I can almost integrate juntao’s yam
the script that looks like this
hardcoded all the cases
reverse and concatenate is 🗿
like 5 of the lines are empty line breaks
wait what software r u using
bruh he looks like he just ate an albatross
9 problems today ?????
i thought ray bans were earphones
It's kinda inherently flawed.
bruh all my upgrades are downgrades wtf
didnt u keep ur dress from last year
template typing speedrun???
wait i live in the city :/
do they just bash their head on the keyboard to make these
when u make it bigger it pads with default
my sim annealing is broken and accepted every change
nathan is your head ok
ah yeah mine doesn’t encode a fixed number of bits
i am speeding up real life it is happening faster
but those were admins since 2023 so i just kept it
miles has been typing for a scary amount of time
by being australian in the first place
its the same as urs 💀
is there anyone in dec from brisbane
not like anyone will notice
i might have deleted the whole repo as far as i know
for a good experience
i wrote a python script to indent it like code so i could actually read it
just remember like the 4 lines of dfs and never think about it again
and substitutes 'u' into 'uwu'
is that vedang from april camp
guys i didnt get it 😭
yeah i’ve seen those
yeah the constant messes it up
https://www.desmos.com/calculator/58sziuilji
ryan wang quit info to focus on atar
recursive calls are bad
make byot open source and everyone push one line of code
20 points for each 5 gram
i am no longer the better awu i guess
ok im making a script to do it
i still wanna solve tho ive spent too much time fallacy idc
that would break a lot of stuff
maybe i can make a discord graphing calculator
that would require a major refactor
I am going to be so lonely 🙁
@Loctildore can i have access to potw 🥺
orac should let tutors just. send msgs to accs. like it just sends a popup to your orac page
Shared from **Colonist**
But I can't spam the left button bc some months have more weeks than others, so the vertical offset is different.
lol trying to imagine a hypothetical "pure gender"
It is inversely proportional to how active pinnacle is I think.
Tree query problem mb
there are coffee powder patches in the rooms
except when we were giving our spirit animals
It gets re w/ vector too 💀
you run on yoru horse
Why are we all welcoming george??
therefore min cut is in syllabus
u should have invested in this stock
is this actually in the course @awu
does it really matter
hold on let me find it
NO NOT THOSE THOSE ARE USELESLS
@Lithanium stop condoning the spread of fake news
~~it also represents my hardstuck cf rank~~
i thought it started like
Ohh @caterpillow the ones w/ a heart shaped hole on top?
well lets say they are
c1 is like 1000 words
u did some cooked trig thing for those integrals nathan gave
I think my lifespan decreased by abt six months trying to impl that.
And someone had salt
bcos they dont give it to u in the formula sheet
why would arch not support nvidia 😕
why do you have this
Log log n is normally like 3-4
So my algorithm is to arbitrarily take an interval and assign arbitrarily unless it is the only one left that covers a spot and needs to be a certain colour
ur too orz to be wasting ur time in high sch**l
double performed better than long double
i was given some sort of divine insight into the problem in my sleep lol
why are half the messages here blocked
wait hmm i wonder where germany ioi is going to be hosted
i have O(rc sqrt(rc)) but it's too slow
my original sol undershot the actual number of rounds to skip by like 5 and i’d just manually do the rest 💀
aiden are you aware that the english language has. other words.
it even has that cooked dec camp pizza thing
Nah we’re just talented.
ah yes i have negative height
Idk how virtual memory works.
wait no way floyd warshall runs 1000 in 1 sec
the bot is really slow
most energy efficient or something
are we relevant again
@*SLSTST @alexa (*SLSNST) come common!
What does that mess up
why dont u just not sqrt and log^2
...he gets paid by how many msgs he sends?
It sounds like... boi or ceoi.
I still have nodes with >450 parents 😭
Split, merge, persistence.
but i have established that i can't
u need to calc all start points
do you have a phone now??
info is just too addictive
Bro I am so shit at constant optimizing
👀 is like, “oh?” you’re interested in what’s going on
How do you guys split the work then?
it will stop him from hating proxmox
i think you're supposed to give only one word
egmo is harder to make than imo
I js read books and draw and do info and complain about school and run
when are xlin and xliu coming
I didn’t even need opening mid and end
was like sorted stack of circles
Like (x - 1)! * cos(2pi * x) or wtv.
What is the ez 80 sol
no way arthur is playing cs2
????????????????????????
why is RainFox not RainRay
is bringing a keyboard too sweaty
what happens to gender presentation
its just 1e7 / 1024 / 1024 * 4 or something right
stop after 900ms and pray that you have found the optimal distance to each vertex 💀
the teacher was really perfect
philip go solve e it’s very solvable for u in an hour
if u don't go imma go maths camp (if i get in)
because asan is better
apparently keyboards are not allowed on progcomp
This year, I got my unmarked solutions from two years ago
u go last 5 mins of practice to get login
then just choose a random one 🗿
oh just noticed @alexa is in cult of sqrt
but there's also a dsu solution
he can ask about what 1800 means
how could i live with myself after choking usaco platinum
Anything I should be aware of?
there was 1 observation?
It's fine it's not like imc is tryna break hashes.
its a good problem so u should try it if u have it
and july was start of anti-pride financial year
in which case i’ll use it
i have never solved an att problem
nah nah nah thats scadm
its when the quadratics in physics are all very not nice and u need to do a lot of them
It's not actually an efficiency upgrade for me *not* to use capitals.
(come on, you all would not have if i did not have)
guys can someone convince me that grinding english is more worthwhile than doing info so i dont get <50% like i did on the practice sac last week
corey's party gives me ptsd
This was in like the 1917 princeton smth smth.
idek what this one is coz the generator ain’t working
so i just get like a raft or smthing and get pulled
on my hunt for baby caterpillow photos
assign variable names lexicographically ordered by when they first appear in your code
can you somehow make multiple choice 💀
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1187327365974601778/1187777145162977431/album_2023-12-22_22-50-38.gif?ex=65981eab&is=6585a9ab&hm=8039673da2f68254e4c19b77d108791eb29d09e441fb9d46797c3a303ac304d8&
the justification is then that this action will bring greater benefit overall, enough to override bad social messaging
why ru guys so orz :blobsad:
no wa won't be allowed to participate in fario
I thought this was in your physics q.
small large is so troll since like no matter what problem it is it like
but our school pushes the messages of working hard a lot
where u at badminton for 5 hours
bcos i lost a bet to ray
if you are less than 50% orz then you are not orz; you are just you
deghost your code then
but it probably works either way
unintentionally smart
having a functional solution
duality between mcmf
anyway with this hash plus gp_hash_table mine is 0.7s
Bruh I have over 100 problems I have headsolved and failed impl on
Well then it’s clearly an update issue
like array partition is already one observation in
So `dp == y(k) == f(k) + k * slap`.
hm maybe i actually have time
litereally infinite money
Yo @Uasoni yk the isaac kid right?
@// ykw u should do for buying tickets, ||shallowest decomp tree on cdq||
bro like i swear it’s impossible
theres a common room?
(april meetup scheming group)
i was considering going there lmao
Oh isn’t that the thing they put on ppl who cheated.
these all look quite meme worthy
@Implementation Defined you have 7 "unauthorised" (not in our database) ac's
lmao i like how jenny and ayana are following the australian strategy
they are grinding 50 exams
ORZ looks a bit weird
i concur with my cousins
yup meng you betrayed info for german smh
and i have no idea why it works 🔥 🔥 🔥
aight guys its time to copy nathan 👍
isn't miles in some alpha contest thing
probably future alpha trial exams
wdym no way it works 💀
did u actually do that
like maybe it means youre sending an assassin
how do you compare the vexingness of parses
but plants are stronger if you start compounding
you can reduce pseg to this
lemme break with -1 and 0
the only thing that stops me from monthly crashing out abt periods is nurofen 😀 💊
can u swap with last element and then fix it
so u dont exhaust all the small numbers
@amongus_pvp wtf orz
lemme find some sqrt resources for u
you know who i am right
i bet u have the pro gaming mouse + whatnot setup
oh mein gott it's german scratch
im thinking i have a division by zero somewhere
is it not a tiny "submit file" box in the corner
idk if this actually works tho
spotify is not lossless???
a;sldkfja;lskdfj;lkasdjf
@convexhulltrick why are we getting cf announcements now
maybe they were really smart
i think matthew’s algo is column wise mine is like row size
implementing dp's that can be done bottom up recursively
why would you put angus in a fridge when you can put angus in a maid dress
but what if the 2 endpoints are in the same subtree?
yes the supposed "age" is very questionable metric
Wtf do they even do amc ceremonies angmore
mine was very dumb n log n
Alexa was bragging about how fast she got 20 gf’s or smthing
Jealousy 2 is disgusting
shit i need to do my daily hld reps now
id be more concerned with whether the pi is willing to run the server
he defected to maths
Bro stop cheating this is meant to be the sol to part 3 😭
I think your whole attitude of recognition and whatnot is just wrong.
ur just using two halves of an array instead of two seperate ones
"i wrote a js library back in 2021 which i scammed people into thinking it was good"
Why do you see three reflections in the mirror?
`tie(i, p[i]) = pint{p[i], -1}` does.
yeah the art is really nice
||orz extracurricular maxxing||
would it work on a map though
idk it started with v
Look at how cool the edge intersections are.
like how e^(i pi theta) is cis(theta)
bruh i am not an alumni why did they send me this
How on earth does this assertion fail.
i was doing a problem and made this beautiful flow graph and then i checked constraints and realised it was just a greedy
make sure you send every codebreaker to andy
oh yeah that shouldnt happen
why are you still asking andy "how to do without dnc knapsack"
and nobody outside of info uses segtree anyway
Yeah just segtree unless you had some other property to exploit
Idk what's going on 💀
Nuh uh coz wa gets -0.5sec wifi ping boost
and then u can do exponentiation
why are you putting spoilers on [redacted] its like double censorship
but making it a ds is hard
idk how to code either 💀
how much does a blahaj cost
arent there weird details with lazy prop
This is a RLY dubious domain 🤨
My dad's colleagues btw.
wait george is in this conversation
(i should have done that)
also what happened to poland :blobsad:
i mean, it's literally a rainbow
were they really that bad
me english test fauilure
what does sattic mean
> Some researchers (such as Peter Reich) came up with theories that though single center embedding is acceptable (as in "the man that boy kicked is a friend of mine"), double center embedding is not. The linguist Anne De Roeck and colleagues provided a counter-example: "Isn't it true that example-sentences that people that you know produce are more likely to be accepted?" (De Roeck et al., 1982).
its a word as long as enough people say it
wtf is the point of having K when we know its 7
But if that constraint wasn't there.
our names arent stuck together
ive been 28 below andy for far too long and i dont feel good about my odds of outlasting his timezone
How does this guy run that fast 💀
get ac on 1 and 200 on the other 2
And one in every bucket after that
Wait lemme codebreak my virtual tree first.
This is in reply to caterpillow airplane wifi too sus
or were you always plat
@// can u donate a pairing cards ac so i can debug my flow
Matthew and safe conversations are mutually exclusive.
modify the changes in the array
you make a table of solutions
royal guards is the legendary ||anakin_skinwalker|| one
ok i think i solved it
my rating is too low
dorothy stay patient :)
nathan's new favourite hobby
I like score 50% of my points in the last hour
i think you need more htan 1 counter tbh
at no point do i take the antiderivative of anything
I actually went to sleep.
oh hey i broke 500 wins
I did it with batching
you submit a greedy you wrote in 10 mins and it gets like 30 or something
It's not like "is there an assignment of variables such that it's true? no", it's more like "there is an assignment of variables such that it's true! Wait, there isn't. That's a contradiction".
why not just personal server
And you have to cross that line an odd number of times.
that means you need to visit every node
currently i have batching
cant u just make one senior do each edge???
there’s another one with l right
nah i'll wait for philip to come back
i just read the editorial what the fuck is a sorting network
That’s not how it works
what are you doing rn
Otherwise you get ceil() calls when halving which is ehh
wait that is not at the top
ooh a blocked message
I headsolved joi monochrome points
and my tabs are a tree so i can just like. collapse a root node and unload it. and that unloads all the children 😀
the chance of food 😔
"let's just make some goofy problems. oh wait let's *tell* them the solution so we can make it more cancer"
also bruh my new bot lost
are we being scammed
i think that is intentional
So you go to whichever lecture is better for you instead of based on whether you’ve been to camp before
Kiefer is a person 💀
If you don’t use the wu algorithm you are going to be disowned
but it’s still good to know which tricks this guy is using
and he was in a room full of vic physics teachers
He explains it a bit after.
Let’s just say it was simultaneous
i never went to brazil
also why is full points awarded for 0 solves
bro thats not how it works
u have two adjacent b[i]
i thought he had dmoj or smt
the nice words to lure in his prey
i got kicked out of the alpha lab when i visited 😭
out of my rightfully earned 2 dollars
from the vague bits i remember
once u win you add a rule
I think we should kick all bots.
what is maximum possible size of final slime
Wait @Scheming 72% you use 3 monitors right
Is this like a ruse farming thing
🤡 just found out i had a practice methods exam tmr
nvm nathan u r a disappointment 😦
We raided the girls' cabin at 3am.
IN THE BEGINNING G*D CREATED THE HEAVENS AND THE EARTH. THE EARTH WAS SHAPELESS AND EMPTY, THE DEEP'S SURFACE WAS UNDERNEATH DARKNESS, AND THE WATERS WERE UNDERNEATH THE SPIRIT OF G\*D.
that it implemented != somehow
I was in the process of making a thread and the msg got deleted 🗿
Having such tight mem disallows cool unintended sols :blobsad:
even though you know the solutions they're cursed enough to impl that you might still get stuck
let me try this again
dude the like small details have become so important now
i think the entire point of this game is to do econ + rush
did u print any partials
wait idk if it's sqrt
Oh sh*t that's tough.
i don't think the second one is backwards
nathan "no editorial" zhou
wait now that i think about it... i don't think i needed that segtree
> helped find bugs in orac
good thing it's multithreaded
Potw > april trial 💀
skdjflhsgeaw;rjlthkregf
i just save the output files
Why do you think I need hash tables.
this can solve courier
So it would just look like another normal victory to, say, andy or whoever I wanted to test it against.
i cant understand why i tle
first i gotta figure out why this bot thinks youre such a bully
so i wrote an essay on how children acquire programming languages
justin will sponsor all ur boba
it feels so unreasonably effective
Because you generate the heap keys randomly
metropole is so non trivial
Are the list of ppl who have no orac solves just the list of ppl who used ai 💀
i no longer loop through all start pos
yo caterpillow was still a thing back then??
Bruh my scc template has a bug 💀
wait nvm i was thinking of smt else
learning complex integratino
Pick better problems
@DaBestTiger your train
I could just frankenstein a bit of 58 in
i thought you were. making an emphatic expression. requesting a crown. metaphorically
Yeah philip explain *yours*.
nah but like. your bot has been like near invincible for so long
;hitlist Lithanium justin_g_20
WAIT WTF MILES AC’D???
Use an oversized shirt
i loaded temporary add on
Maybe i shouldn’t be using segtree
just because wa sucks doesn't mean they should discriminate against wa 😔
did you get an invite
I think dp is eziest.
pretty sure algerian one is also called aoi
:notlikeblob: :notlikeblob: :notlikeblob:
Oh nvm this is not fragrance.
BRO THIS TRIAL EXAM IS ACTUAL LIKE SLEEPFORCES
i was gonna nuke mine but rename his to null lmao
like the soviet russia memes and such
should’ve trusted me smh
bubble + tea = bubble tea
she is my friend; of course i can dm her
and they have like 2 problem exams for if ur in a rush
they only accept exact matches
australia as a whole is very left leaning
And then i usually solve when in the shower or trying to sleep
someone change the topic please thank you
help me maths exam study
yeah that sht was weird as hell
Her oil is my lightcycle.
wait he’s failing englang isn’t he 💀
Except I literally wrote it myself :blobsad:
wait that's different
if it's not, then no
not sure if that's at all related to the ||segtree|| sol
is that a thing that u can use
I swear it's like strictly less typing.
im not sure where the code is
otherwise it gives an error
pick green :caterpillow:
i don’t want to sleep in a hutchie
U definitely need at least 5 loops
@// i think i solved school road
isn't that the point
and then with vowels things are either raised or fronted
it’s structured like a centroid decomp normally
SURELY NATHAN FOREHEAD EMOJI
which is speedforces
Where is ioi scoreboard
i think u should just read the blog but dont read the actual solution to aliens
is the location hard to find
it just means "i don't need this anymore, pretend it's a temporary expression"
the animation is so painfully slow
wait how do ig et the id
Andy should totally play
i thought it was like 0.9N or something
so I'm doing language next eyar
Idk how to do it without treap.
i am. a bodily fluid which affects human personality traits and behaviours?
i mean... its technically onlt the last 2 problems
wait who had a really clean sol to apio oil?
WHEN I GOOGLE IT ON MY IPAD IT SAYS NO
Pretty sure it was nsb and nsg.
i grew a few lightyears
nuh uh, zky is the next matthew
You shouldn't do that.
how’s the taste of the watermelon in china
It's smth a y2 would get 💀
ILL IMPL TMRW AFTER SELN
and you do elephants trick to avoid having too many little buckets
i'll pray with you brother 🫡
does this look familiar
literally any other subtask
I bet I could do it in 40.
I just showersolved jetsteams and ai.io.
my gpt couldn't solve p6
~~aren't they attending the rice fields every day~~
Coord compress is op btw
like u spam while loops
88k views on paw patrol orz
bruh there are millions of nathans
How do I -std=c++20?
:kilometres: :awu: :nathandy: :shellshocked:
i just want it to be known that i wasn’t the one who wanted him
its called the pythagorean identity bcos its pythagoras in some cases
no it’s like easy anyway
@Matthewwww has more chemistry things memorised than me
nah there's not much variation per day
that's actually not true 🤓
did anyone take photos of the ducks at dec camp
i have seen him lmao?
Booking flight to perth rn.
||i didn't even know what the 'no distribution of males and females' meant||
and find the index of a given element
MY GIANT SNORLAX IS NOT 2M TALL
Wth last time I checked bc hs teams had three pages.
To tell them what a good kid you are.
LOL what is @deleted-role ?
And we do have more than 1 team
Especially with ppl like arthur present!
Make your qoj public 🥺
David has met daniel before
and you count trailing zeroes to find the smallest child that contains a value
men and women would still be a bit 🤏 different mentally
What do they do in your chapel?
wait who are options for ioi25
;ALKJSJDFKL;SJFALDKSFDASKLJFKLADSJKLFADSKFL;JAKDSFLJ;KADSJLFK;ADSJL;K
Stopping my program.
Bro like you don't "admit" your sex wtf.
that's because there was alpha contest
whoa guys i just discovered api queries
E.g. `//this ****** is in here`
So imagine removing the edge from the graph.
AND THEN SIMULTANEOUSLY WORKED ON A SECOND PROJECT
i am (somewhat) doing it rn
and ur concerned abt henry
i keep getting proxy and reverse proxy confused lmao
isn't hm equivalent to bronze performance on at least one day
David can’t count either
we shouldnt do anything bcos since cp is not compulsory ppl who dont like it can just not do it
@alexa (*SLSNST) there’s like 15 different moon emojis
||pseg with xor hash||
is NOexistenceN of you AND me good
@awu is it worth it to ak cses
Someone slept on the floor.
wtf i just checked and ding is very much not chilling
these 2 people don't look alike ^^
like if you ac i kinda get it?
do u have to explicitly handle it?
Why are they doing this 💀 just print the array?
bruh that’s my hint but less obvious
he said hes gonna do that after april invites come out
i just use compound words
orz bro memorised that mod 🤓
even the phrasing itself
i was doing past papers 💀
that can’t be easier than solving a 35p
yeah but then the type system in theory allows you to assign an Object to an Object[]
@Matthewwww WE ARE DOING ALL FOUR DAYS.
and harder to scan code
That’s why the dining room was also the chilling room
i've dfs'ed music genre wikipedia the subgenres never end
cf doesnt really count tho
ong i am going to use a caterpillow tree
https://www.fls-wiesbaden.de/cdb679b32e16
name one strategy in rugby except for keep it away from other ppl and just charging forwards
noo alexa got demoted
it was meaningful all along
wtf how does it know the Oestrich Winkel stuff
ive writtena bunch of tests too
and you find the smallest child in O(1)
are you a recursive function? because i wouldn’t mind accidentally trapping myself in an infinite loop with you
no like idk how to explain what it means
so you don't need lazy
bruh what is this rickroll
i only know what the genres of my music are calledc because some of the people i've asked for recs are huge music nerds who describe the stuff they listen to as "dreamy surrealist japanese fusion-pop" or wtv and i just repeat the funny words they say each time i talk about the music i liten to which was their rec
orz tutor christmas package
HOW DOES NATHAN PRESS SNAIL EMOTE SO QUICK
i hate the internet of n things
is this why you use punctuation to convey tone
wait but why can't u just reset it
u sort nodes by frequency, largest first
Alex is slapping me.
Who was the person who walks ridiculously slow last year
Needs a lot of iterations.
U could’ve just said top to bottom instead of left to right
;hitlist anson Double_Slash
Bruh she cc’ed ben kirk
"ADD SCRIPT OVERRIDE"
isn't his discord well known
did u fill out the form
it only works if u can evauate the same element multiple times
lol we should make a pinnacle code of conduct
you should try persistent segtrees
bruh so if i get invite tomorrow i am forcedd to accept
You can be responsible for my assessment.
;mutual meisean meisean
which i think means like
OK @Matthewwww I actually got outplayed there 💀
At that point just use sparse table with the cf magic o(n) thingy
@awu do u also have birb power 💀
lol sorry for squeezing way too many info jokes into that
i am allowed to dream.
eh the unicode hearts look kinda cartoony
Betas are way too scary.
and there was this one ridiculously tiny one that no one thought was supposed to be there
i need to get my exams back
Like when u say dp optimisation
ok yeah it's broken for me as well
is lurhx someone in aus info
idk anything about that
thats actually a really good idea
@Ternary Search Enjoyer
and doesnt have the ai autocomplete thing
I can prove "there is a composite number between n and 2n" 🙂
i can send u a non-hint as well: ||hello||
The edge weights do NOT have any invariant.
The way to find the relationship is basically just du/dx.
the enemy of my bestie is my enemy
Even the future ones.
how can you be shirtless and maid dress at the same time
JOSH U HAVE LITERALLY SLEPT WITH CHEAH
they like umm put distortion effects on their singing. have to look at their shoes to control the pedals for that
Don’t you need to do range rotations.
its in the name of brick
don’t start farming aio or smth
It’s coz my attention span is only 2 seconds
@// did u know u have more than double my orac solves
yeah but he doesn't want to lie about reading the editorials
u need to download webdriver
sundrops and rainrays
in a game they can obviously lose
what did cheah get in aio
would it really pass 'comfortably'
:O IOI officially supporting AIC
kosaraju absolutely did it better
LOOK AT MY SUBMISSION
the tumblr came first
lol classes w her was like. 1hr olympiad-adjacent maths session
aio is piss easy compared to aiio and fario tho
you can't. say that!
yep i can vouch matthew is slower
ahahahhahaha get mogged wenbang
je ne pas parlon la francäis
IDCC ;IM;; OSO HAPPYYYY
Um you turn the ship 90°.
I don’t have a server either
lmao im also sleeping
consider floor numbering in a skyscraper
is that the person with pikachu
what about with people at your school
Ngl walk with hld is pretty cool.
can confirm whoever wrote this is definitely using ai 💀 https://orac2.info/problem/1622/hof/Pencilv2
i am actually so reliant on linter
is that tenzing and tree
why do ur pfps look so similar
and it ran fine on my computer
O((n + q)logn) thing.
hsc exams are like over for everyone now right
noooo academic integrity or smth
are u doing the tutoring thing btw
it's called ub for a reason
Not the one you're imagining I'm sure.
wait why is my orac stalker gaslighting me
otherwise i am wasting quality blackmailing material
I have a rly sigma school chess photo that I submitted for media
and knuth’s requires quadrangle
:inkthing: not alex stalking ruse aio scores
Ye Nathan has a lot of scammy solutions
"if the halting problem is solvable then submit (as an answer to the meow promble) "blah blah""
but i am ineligible for egoi so idk
bruh what are these allegations
this rendering engine is weird
and now i’m confused
I found this in my methods textbook
Hill climb is greedy?
Bruh when did ron leave again.
but I'm terrible at all other contests
Tspmo my mother is pestering me about it
am i blind or does dmoj not have attachments
can we rename #memes to #media
i cbb to browse history
oh what mine dies on that
clearly that is not our world
bro bigint is so cooked cuz i've only defined addition and <
like instead of making a new list of pair<value i care about, original index> i iota a list of ints and sort those instead
ev dp being correct implies optimality
i ruled out that possibliity
you have MORE than one potential boyfriend???
i learnt all of the algorithms
are any of them the shy alpha
have fun writing a bajillion lines of code
and even understand it
omg my survey is still getting responses?
literally makesquare on a tree
If your ds is a lazy create segtree.
you have been Compressed
these are both pinnacle people
No ac is a reflection of wa
OK I think I’m wording it badly.
Can u add flow template
did you not flip the cht upside down
1. that isnt even expected value
download official data
eh that’s 2 more than me
u mog everyone in texnique
he beasted fario despite choking on bongi which is doubly impressive
oh the substring is only ||skibidi||
I just needed a smaller ss.
Oh hey check it out I can change the team quote and biography!
YOU ARE GETTING PAID $0/HR THEN.
have you tried different browser
Last year aio was on my birthday
ok i handed it out to a bunch
wait i wanna see this billboard
They are right there.
awu come to the recue
document.getelementbyid('svg')
submit from the problem page
wait did they select ppl based off "performace" or how much they auction
It’s segtree not sqrt.
andrewkerr also has the same code
i mean obviously this is homosexual allegory so. yes.
Idk how else to do it
if this were a real race you'd be so far ahead of me you'd like overflow the track and be behind me by now
Now I'm no longer entirely convinced.
ig some ppl in the other olympiads just cant get over being math rejects lol 😭
nathan went from 3rd last to 1st
wait i like waked past isaiah just then
I've had enough of this problem
You'd become unstoppable then :orz:
WHAT'S THIS ARROW WITH A LINE.
I want to meet justin's dad now 🤡
oh no, compile errosr
the second one is the dr michael sun's school of maths camp email
So that’s fine then.
his abomination is no more
ok well thats kind of complicating it
and he knows god's favourite video game AND the 11th commandment 🤣 🤣 🤣
premoving as in doing set x+1 before u've done set x
what school am i from
PLSEAE I AM A FREE ND GOOD CIITZIEN GOOD SIR
@Lithanium yk the no lazy prop thing you talked abt for potw?
but the max value is already 1e18
oh yeah all good austin 🙂
i swear the name was trolling
gatekeeping is unhealthy :(
im still on my school computer
i looked at constraints and went "yep this is sqrt" and completely missed the easier solution 💀
one is awards the other is tutoring
I met a ukrainian at acts.
https://youtu.be/NwkO73jGSPA?si=TGXtnW3RQgRSdBEm
Folders are kinda growing on me.
yes beecause ur overkiling
You add $ to the end of your string.
Its based on first name
unfair conditions for the less economically privileged
I like did the maths
depends on definition of "friend"
if u dont do the trick and just write normally then u wont have the issue
tying nathan is insane
someone should read my factories code
the area between new caledonia and australia?
I just put Python on mine 💀
and then subtract same thing
but i also want to make like
PARTY MODE IS GOING ON
held a lottery where you enter by giving your personal information and then they sell the data to companies and give the moeny to the winner
and then the check() function has to return boolean
i want to know the miles lore now
i think i also have the one alexa was wearing
without like major spoilers
what is Justin and NZIC
After that I forgor too.
@caterpillow agreed?
It should like a lot more
You can pad by spamming spaces
I was imagining one grain
I almost wrote a switch case just then.
ive always done the ones that get marked
bruh thats like the first gif in 3 months in this server
idk i thought he weas mexican
mine isn't even about the order
a french olympiad for the asutralian region
and an origin palkia
what is ski jumping?
don't be mean to him :(
so like it’s better to be specific
Where the cht is weird
i will bring my rice cooker
I was so prepared to not ac.
oh yeah @Matthewwww we should stalk angus’ insta
wtf are the subtasks
HE HAS BEEN CONQUERED
idk why but i only checked queries that lied inside previous updates
they should be a lot more friendly than some random bureaucrats
it’s like high tech too
wasn't this the one where u tried to use cht or smt
wtf nyarch linux is real 😭
@awu Nathan needs a certain role
If only he were this good at impl 😔
wtf did y’all know bitset had a .any() function
im just good at aio idk why
and end up giving up
they print it overnight
why are there randos in pinnacle
I don't listen to music that much lol
that’s pretty impressive
assumiing it was sorted by sum of scores
(My algorithm may be wrong I am proof by ac’ing)
bro he is not awake i swear
you're hallucinating wdym
i keep telling myself to test my code and then i just forget to
justin hui meng goh v2
we considered going up to him and saying something like
I once got like 800 from doing chain stories
So info has become maths.
global is allocated outside of stack
Ymq’s person was just rly oo
wait r u on elephants leaderboard
lord of the fences is way worse than this
Too slow. i snailed first
greatest of all time
if it's a loop, you have to think about how what you do in the loop will affect the next iteration, etc.
cylinders of the scroll
ok i enabled the setting to see what other ppl said after you answer
And segtree doesn't work.
orz matthew knows how nathan tastes?
Mentoring was so sad.
if i can count thats 19 zeroes in what u wrote
I black beared in difficulty order.
jeremiah is around 130 average
but it makes more sense to do it ↕️
u will no longer be celebrating, you will be dying
lmao do optimised swap
U guys have .4 of a person
it's just aiio + fario
my school also had a compulsory singing thing last year
i am gonna kick them 🦵
bc it's differing by like 200
spectating is too fun omg
move is useful though
thank you for the explanation
bruh kpdh is english lyrics
Build a 2x2 to set up the 3x3
Nathan have u ever played 4 player games in a private setting
But that’s just like my avg contest experience
i swear apio24 is like such a shit contests
no it’s def possible
i think aiden and henry are the only 2 people left that can still beat me
It is the 3^n thing!!
so i was doing O(#trains) queries to actually find out where the trains were going
And that’s the level
wait i misremembered the problem
Oh boy what a genius.
Swear f1 is xor fft.
because if you blow a pile of leaves onto your target square
I refuse to believe this is a problem.
peopleprotest because raising awareness *is* the only means of action they have
is mhc some technique that i dont know
bruh everyone has to accept every move
so ccgs will be wa ioi
what is the complexity of this
who wants to fix the cause
Think I'll sleep now.
This is not spoilers because upon reading the statement it is blatantly obvious to consider aliens
where did ur train go
i got the right graph as well as the equation too
that is like critical temperature
I TURNED EVERYTHING UP TO THE MAX
https://aioc.github.io/contests/schedule
coding all the other treap variants
does anyone have the original :dubious: image
I never use rshift either
no way that's what u do
it's ridiculous i have no idea how to do it
what if it was boys || under16
in the shape of a middle finger
the opposite of an active sex life is an inactive sex life. no?
I have talked to him in the past yes.
you're far from innocent
you are given Q queries
that’s the probability of it working for a given try
How good is your pathfinding 👀
buy the internet service provider
like they're cookies or something
i'm still an awu just not the better one :,)
I think Joi isn’t very useful either
wait, so you're saying
why is orac called orac
I had to get major hinting from Justin
they r trying to cram too many things
bc hof format is different
i was not hit at egoi
how the fuck would i do that
but it like saves lots of resoruces cuz you're not keeping all these random tabs u don't use loaded
surely i can meet nathan's dad
wait so what's the plan
bc i did p4 but idk whether to keep or remove the prefix p
That means I'm too bad.
Further research needed.
didnt fix the problem
there is one specific observation which means o(n) edges can give u ac
Bruh I literally taught alexa how to output only like yesterday
matrix multiplication is very simple algorithm for n^3
How abt $ it's like an I and an S yk.
practicing python for progcomp trust
it's for the greater good!!!
oh and ur unsw gaming meow tag is gone
Update l, r, x: A.rangeUpd(l, r, x), B.pointUpd(l, x)
`1 2 4 4 5 5 2 3 3 1` -> `1 3 3 1` and `2 4 4 5 5 2`
we wanna encourage more stone. To do info right
Omg https://dailyintegral.com/evil volume of rotation.
That is indeed problematic
Idk abt two ppl in a bed but team synergy definitely starts decreasing at three.
I also do info solely for food
we should post all the dq aio ppl publicly
according to david's data 300+ were secret problems
your code is also rly wa
Yk how your eyes retain an image after it disappears for like 0.1s.
Don't bet on awu beating miles.
@// how do you feel that you slice is gone
since words change in predictable ways
thats like not true tho
Therefore egoi >>>>> awu
i don't see the spoilers
WHTAT IS A NEUROBAEHVIORUL
Don’t rejudge :blobaww:
knuth is opt[i][j - 1] <= opt[i][j] <= opt[i + 1][j]
I think it needs a match.
(get it he's capping)
we should make our own version of chinese game but with camp ppl as characters
u mogged us in EVERY trial exam
2 ppl idk in the travel list.
the hardest problem was 7p 🗿
("scared of kevin for some reason")
or else aus will get at least 2 ioi participations
2. Highest hand written score on bongi test case 3
let me keep the awu purple tho
than navigating to your server and then pressing a channelo
locus of z-z’ <= 6i 🤡
It could've been a bug or I could've just been wrong.
🍀 like, gambling. rng. yk??
2 is just ||euler’s tour and treap||
felix u are getting 100 in vce this year
Completely different problems
No. I said what I said.
OMG DOCORS HAD NRVE BERN BE
💀 doesnt nathan live in the bush
what, like, most blundered / brillianted message of the day
https://streamable.com/5n3wr1
Let's go I got the t skirt
and neither do i them
why do you care if the teacher is mad at you
didn't baby ducks make finals
bro i just wrote a 700 word paragraph 💀💀💀
distance on triangulation is goated
The dc friend thing.
why is ur pfp also sleeping fox
ghosthood would be boring
and he said it is linear algebra
~~the real question is, does it beat our lair strat~~
It cannot be that deep 😭
too orange to be chinese
yes and alexa definitely goes to ccgs
i zoomed out so much you guys are in countable pixels
Which is why what I said was wrong.
I have 3 transitions
give me host i'll kick him
wait does the formula not always reduce to something like at + b
Like the squirrel pic
why would he get mad
What did he do again?
I’m clearly talking about science
I have been to every alt lecture, because core is mostly repeated content from past camps
Reminding her of her trustworthiness.
Dude that was lightning speed.
and they were discussing how to explain a concept to students
OK sure continue w/ the segtree.
they said to me that 'we're not even going to consider it unless you have 9.8'
Other than for problems in the max flow set
i thought it was free 6pts
it now shows "invalid language" :blobsad:
i do not in fact have the channel
Alex how do I do the using thing 🙁
when is ladder decomp ever useful 😭
If you ever do headsolve it, you’ll be too excited to need to think abt another promble.
:(( i wanted to give u mute protection
mayeb they have inherently more interest in info
I’m still raged I tle’d on Codeforces because I didn’t have fast io
idk why i parsed that like this
https://orac.amt.edu.au/problem/seln17sushi/hof/programmer123
bruh no need for u to mock us
ok i proved the conjecture
Even your mum is here 💀
that’s just power rule
Like even if you get 0.
I feel like my contest strategy is really shit
uh oh they discovered the features
how do we access an element?
orac skill issue ngl
oh i forgot and also the home server
lol @// ur unmuted now
AHHHH SYSTESTS SCAWWWYYYY
aus liberal party is like comparable to us democrats right
again, your expectations are just based on what you are familiar with (c++)
arch if you don’t mind having to do everything yourself
so why couldn’t u just write that
i forget the dimensions
why not 3 people in one room
is there aa vim shortcut for teleporting your cursor
i do not buy that austin does not know how voting works
i'm like screwed bruh
it legit says tuesday
That's more than any other team.
ok i have no idea how hosting servers for anything works
Wait I thought ur already in Romania
they might ban u guys for being too orz
maybe it’s just andy but he keeps coming up with problems that reduce to knapsack
so the situation of your school will be much better than most schools
what were u looking at
bring back blobcatpopcorn
this is such a steal for us
one number will suffice
it reminded me a lot of shopping spree
The current meta is to copy what i am doing lol
??!?!! :orz: :orz: :orz: :orz:
no clue who they are or what they do
maintain the naive dp but use data structures
what other servers is summit in
this one is easy trust
PEOPLE USE DISCUSSIONS (SOMETIMES)
wait @// for aota, why didn't u claim that u were going to take the bus
"encoding first b bits" gives like 1% of problem
he called it by some fancy effect name
U had access to passes before me :nathandubious:
IM SUPPOSED TO HAVE U BLOCKED
Lol the main word there is clause
they call her bad angelina
it’s not like anyone uses them
skdjdkskdjvjdkjdjgg 😭 i should be the one bowing to you all
Li chao is just segtree
maybe i should try this
Yeah atp what we need is just a channel on pinnacle that alex can't see.
whenever someone says maimai i think of maomao
wtf contradiction and tautology
print and decrement frequency
Are you part of justin's family or smth?
It’s barely compgeo is it?
Should i bring my fancy mouse
so idk if I can get to 2000
The true origins of alcohol.
like the binary search uses 10 full stop
Also what the stalking
:justin1::justin2::justin3::justin4: :juustin: :jstn:
I’m also eating breakfast
he just cant access anything
You just copy it from last year or wtv.
hmm this could make for an interesting interactive if the sort order was based off the other person's dm count
What's the rest then?
also haskell works now
honestly not worth tho
is this to do with :3
Bruh why the blunder.
like decreasing step size
nathan needs his 1 min back
from other campers yeah?
@/// won’t have trouble finding a valentine clearly
u people don’t use peach enough
damn bro is pc maxxing
how big is "newai classes"
otherwise you shouldn’t do anything
I noticed that as well
@// has jerry responded to your awesome setup
many people are coming up
Nah but the og is autocorrect right.
sparse table would b e better then right
No no it’s. A. Very. Positive. Experience
because the back can do that
i agree with this fine gentleman
It was the hardest problem I’d solved
💀 we literally talked about him on april camp
bro i gotta write reflections on them
and the joi scoring is like 1 point for solving the initial problem
it's really not that bad
ok, i thought this would be completely even but sci and non-oly seem to like option 1 more???  like, dramatically more
we will constant optimise u back to mongolia
cannot withstand ddos
one is :orz:  and one is :hui:
or traumatize bronze
then I knew what dp was
its like, youre learning something new / cool information
ill just give to you
@Matthewwww fyi asteroid is not a couple
ill need to buy $20 worth for free delivery tho
@alexa (*SLSNST) can you vouch that my dad is not a predator.
no like have you actually seen them
|x| should not be mod bruh
if u want mutual with more users u can do it
before its like ok this is too much not worth anymore
if they made FFA mode more popular it would be even better
we don’t talk about my aimo
Subtask 2 no updates
the bridge of the glasses need to be counted twice
who do u think would win
LOL PHILIP I JUST GUESSED UR PASSWORD BASED ON THE INFO IN THIS CHAT
quantum superposition of both cousins which are present
i swear reverse aliens trick is a scam
sigfigs is so annoying
No I didn’t sleep in geography 💀
Justin “1% from art prize” goh
Which I’m not sure if it’s unique per permutation of the 4 variables.
i was referring to stuff like his cyclic range thing
that looks very appetising
uhh ask the other awu!!
ORZ CHATGPT CAN WRITE AVX INTRINSICS
if you define bad to be tied to some objective things like being musically interesting or harmonious or whatever, then this is just a tautology, and many people might still like the music you claim is bad
So none of them are easier to use than any others.
@horiseun @// @Loctildore
wait this is a pretty orz scam lol
im combining it into one script
to get the length of the text
we should add a problem called dequeue where you just add more operations to force people to use treap
two criticisms makes a compliment
They'd have to say "matthew shi xuan" 💀
he has O(n) indexing
did u guys make final finals
OK impl is theoretically done.
which is kinda what happened to pineapple ig
if it’s just insert them surely pq and just loop everything
wait so we have like 1e9+7 potential hosts for smp
So it can't be that bad.
i just realised that i'm only doing operations on one path on the tree so a segtree is fine 💀
i didn’t realise it was based off points not ac’s and was super confused when i got 2 ac’s and no next set 💀
december camp happened
wait isn't marlowe hotel like the one that's like 5/5 scary rating
who is pretending to be me
u basically jump over everything that isnt the running min
don't you have to transpose the order for it to be antimetabole
chem score + methods score = constant = 100
test2 1 test 2 test 3
i can try impl later today
And it’s a fairly fitting description of ccgs
its liike @Make it a Quote right
its probably his cursed ipad format
guys data analysis doesn't work like this
omg it's now a pay to win
can i just tell u atp
did u play it urself
i also spent the lab sessions terrorising other groups but we dont need to get into that
no actually WHO IS MATHEW
yeah we got free time to go to the city
they can just not tick any boxes
What is this mathsforces.
irtiza weißt du was Brot ist
not for me last year
i have a 3500 garchomp
i am taller than nathan, and nathan is taller than everyone!
||does your solution use the fact that if you win you increase by s||
I DONT HAVE THOSE FILES
Also they typed the q wrong how does this happen 😭
mine has gotten less complicated since i removed awu2
No i’m not that good at calculus
guess who wrote what
Or to complain about bad problems
where people who join are put in
and then final subtask is sliding scale for how many queries you use
and follow stupid conventions
ASJKLH;DFHJDL;KASJFLKADSJKL;FADSJ;LKFADSJO;KLFADS;HJLKFHLJ;DSAF;HJLADKSJ;FLKODSAFJ;DASLK'
then my arch installation broke
Bc I'm lazy creating a node and then immediately making a new one when I update it, discarding the old one.
u modify the changes int he array
javascript also does it the python way
after alex smited my score
:jstn: :biknife: :slice:
You should try make april first.
If we both get started then i win against everyone except ritchie i think
wait i dont buy anymore
but it’s weird because my generator can’t find a case which re’s
if she has the discord app it’s probably collecting digital dust
Given N points on a line, and the distances between them, find maximal |AB| + |AC| such that A <= B <= C and |AB| <= |AC|.
i better go to sleep now
more high-quality graphs from your least favourite awu :(
i dont have access to that 💀
wtf does idempotent mean
It’s hard candy, podracing and tree mirroring
anyone got quotesheets for me 🥺
studying australian dangerous animals
which is a valuable skill
it gets downscaled to that exact resolution anyway
my definition might be nonstandard but it's just better
REAL APRIL CAMP TOMORROW!!!
oh was it based on 2006 computer speeds
What is this temperature thing.
wtf is caterpillow’s solution
Who is orz in your year
takes the value of the conditional
YO MY CHEM MARK INCREASED BY 77% FROM LAST YEAR
dijkstra problems only exist in aiio anyways lmaoo
You said that ages ago
do u have any ||idea what the odds actually are||
All you're saying is "therefore" but like you haven't shown why.
matthew do u want a codebreaker
It is highly probable that Nathan is I love Nathan Zhou
in fact, compared to carlos, matthew is an angel
because the number one in chinese is literally 一横
Mine only works if my sqrt value is prime 😕
i said the wrong problem
😭 how is bus service possible under n sqrt log
https://orac2.info/problem/951/hof/user
I hardcoded the cases for connected components of size 2 and 3.
lol it probably exists in chinese
there’s only 1 bad now
i just processed what u changed
You seemed pretty confident.
bruh ok i think i know who it is
gonna go through it more rigourously in my head see you in 8 hours
wait genuinely how is your laptop regularly 95 degrees
does this look like a natty performance
actually it looks a bit easy, i think it’s just ||cooked coord compress||
i set bucket size to 1e5 and it still runs in 8s
Which is log^2 per query.
greatest non meme discord server rule i've ever seen btw
wait can you compute mine
I lost the extended metaphor at some point.
nathan can u give up on the problem already
oh speaking of clauses merry Christmas
idk why i thought it was mega hard
podraginc is kinda crazy
The first one on the list
ah it is probably a meme ill never find again
seesaw is too scary coz it’s got decimals
how will i give nathan his ioi frisbee back now 😔
that would be pretty revolutionary
how did u do it nathan
or did u get extra ones since uve already done most of the treap problems
is anyone evne doing ai coliseum here
some results if anyone cares
but we found a way around that ofc
you can get the behaviour you want by maintaining your own size variable
like his most orz legit solve
ok i will work on my coding style
Why tf u saying goodbye to Carlos
and then recurse into both halves
because you can choose not to say her name?
I feel so old because I’ve used orac1
maybe i should try less
waiting on angus to upload
bruh the very first thing on my youtube feed
and so much fruit juice too
our camp had some hiking business for 2 days and it was like the worst experience ever
Last place funds the problemsetters
if i can do the dp where u take on a cost for getting slapped in O(n), then i can turn the O(nk) dp into O(n log very big number)
yeah simple dijkstra isnt optimal
i ended up hardcoding strings
figure it out urself
were you listening to the lecture at all
I think it's the most natural one.
and wear bunny ears to seln
yeah and those still haven't been "judged"
it’s like hard to think about if ykwim
greedy is not the problem
like "im watching you"
Like normally li chao is over the x
why is maddy's party so cancer
💀 didnt u already write it
@Implementation Defined speed up matchmaking pls 🙏
hmm what other contenders for hardest problem on orac are there
find a counterexample
i will say that from now on instead of orz
~~i think you should consider fixing it~~
you can do that with search filters already
are u aware there is mandatory 4
it’s not fair u guys had jeremiah
Giza is definitely not max flow.
which is why i need a value to exist at pos = 0 even if it’s 1
the 4 pillars of sqrt
@Uasoni my brother: "can you show me the momentum video again bc I need to learn everything in it so when my hs teacher asks me what momentum is I'll give the right answer" :blobaww:
How am I less relevant than aiden.
k lemme confirm it actually runs and doesn’t like install a virus then i’ll put it on the server
i definitely havent made alliance with anson for u to attack sweden trust
OK well now I know 😠
i’m gonna write my essay in like half an hour then leave
its just a segtree bro
AUSTIN ORZ FIRST AND MOAT IMPORTANT DIRECTORY OF CPMSOC
especially cross gender interaction
bruh why tf is it greyed out
why am i the last ac on that problem
But you should still use maths?
Bucketing is splitting your stuff into buckets
like the issue always ends up being me having some random version that is confusing my computer
how r u so orz at oo
Wait I think I solved remittance.
back in (near) wiesbaden
i don’t see the issue
i wonder if this works @//
Imagine someone asks "help what's the emergency number in america" and you say "oh in australia it's 000".
Info skill is inversely proportional to height
OAJSDOFFADJSF;KDLASJFASD
If u just exclude them from every global thingy
$customcd 20 :null: :justin1::justin2::justin3::justin4: :maid:
old people grow shorter
SHH ITS THE THOUGHT THAT COUNTSZ
Bruh what about problems which compile w a grader and communication and stuff
we have plenty of slots
sorry but not everyone has 4 tb of memory and a physics engine in their head ok
wait what about the orac home page diagrams they're pretty good
daniel rayhan bin abdullah zain is not on the list
i don’t wanna lose rating
its just so good for trying out graphs
i swear it's the same code 😭
send to furry containment zone
what do u want from me 😭
that just auto exceeds limit
maid dress is banned
So what was the bug?
wait i actually kinda perch on the chair
You wanna find its complexity.
WHY DO I NEED TO GET PARENTAL CONSENT
you were never stuck on the great outdoors
ok @alexa (*SLSNST) there's 2 main michael sun emails
why am i getting clowned 😭
thats zky's template lmao
maybe i should have done ees
i need to route it to the backend server ip
i think state swap was actually my original idea
I have like over 4 gb
i counted arthur LMAO
i don't see anything immediately wrong with it
ok yeah sure 5 million nodes with O(n) build
Had to pick that emoji.
I had to add things to an array of vectors.
No that's the thing I need to find the max of.
idk what ur on about
And it’s so annoying
there is only one song i actively dislike
ur making a fundraising lemonade stand right
this person is actually orz
Guys let’s make fun of ray for being homeless.
i would love to see your 🐦
can u pls try to prove my construction
I also have a Me esque solution
the hippos make an appearance
i need to find the person who introduced palindromes to info and then shoot them in the foot
i’m pretty much only counting impl difficulty
Philip who’s in your team?
I am still being ghosted
so that it gets the nicer looking border
conveys emotion well 👍
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🦅 🦅 🦅 🔥 🔥 🔥
The second part of today's integral.
I remember aio 21-23 was like rly goated
in aio21 social distancing
Good news maths itinerary finally came out
the only aus politics ive seen are from friendly jordies
until someone inevitably dropped it and all the markers went 💥
u dont learn problem solving skills in school maths
like subtle enough that i only got wa on an early subtask but passed full
what is the wrong version of ubuntu
THERES NO WAY THERES A WORD WITH CMU IN IT
@justin_g_20 you got stomped
https://dmoj.ca/problem/ioi21p1
dynamic cht and li chao tree support very similar operations
c++ templates are like find and replace
You need a majority.
and then you just live with extra anxiety wondering when the rickroll is coming
is it blue purple black
alr better not break that promise
OMG I HEADSOLVED CONNECT THE DOTS WHILE BEING BORED IN A RESTAURANT
||When M = 2 and the numbers are 1, 2, ..., N, the answer is ceil(N / 2).||
wtf am i meant to do
there's literally only 8
I can’t decide if I should do my best in fario or see awu in a maid dress.
lmao is this what tutors do
ARGGHGHG STOP DISTRACTING ME FROM MY TE 😭 😭 😭
hold on i might need that too
its recovering the sequence of edits that is cancer
Ah I realised I can get rid of a dfs.
my leadership is also trash but i have no potential :blobsad:
why are we letting a 3yo say these things
where would u ever type HhHhHhHhHhHh
||If <= k, use rockets.||
my code like doesn't work for beacons
i swear two arrays is non trivial
or do i need to make my own one
ok genuine question not trying to be condescending what is the like. appeal of watching sports
wait bots need to be accessible to
should i submit brrayser to fario next year
your "egoi team *application*"
blends in to the colour of skin
when i was one day old i could write a non-negative amount of numbers
last year's meme contest was good
nathan have u seen all of these?
Dr du hw needs to pause.
Our school has wahroonga station on one end and warrawee on the other end.
THE ENTIRE WEBSITE IS HARDCODED HTML
i am pinnacle island
do we know how many alphas there are
re = already guessed
Ok no this is slightly different
:caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow: :caterpillow:
I AM BACK FROM 10 DAYS OF SHITTING IN A HOLE
Do elaborate on your methodology.
were they that out of ideas
your greedy would put on index 0 right
Like if the maps were more evenly distributed.
what do i call the section of vaguely personality type questions
i just use jump pointers
where n==side length
:kekw: why do you one line everything
what's your algorithm
and no beginners go with the intent of learning as well
oh wait ur doing this for every centroid LOL
no this was a while ago
“I can read in N numbers in log^2!!”
what wm/de even is this
at this rate its gonna become problem of the week
i'm pretty sure the ev dp is another heuristic
my favourite chapter of the bible is deuteronomy 28
The cartesian thing is scary tho.
having t start at 99999 already works
melbourne kids == scotch kids
Wtf that was like 2 hours.
bruh based on my dms with u that is definitely not going to happen
Do today's hard integral.
I wasn't paid for apr maid dresses 🙁
can u even stack a N and a M
How is it not clearly gt.
like nonolympiad friends
😡 joining bars is my loathed
Wait clog literally lost cos they don't passive paint.
dorothy wake up darling
crate + loins is the best opening
j'aime l'arrayser et jacques
once ur algorithm adds a cell at the overlap
that pretty much it for my school as well
we can clown him somewhat here but dont start msging his friends 😭
I didn’t say *I* got invite.
why would you need more than 5 words
ok its called ternary operator
it has a constructor
probably because I do a bunch of stuff outside of classes
my day 2 score was ||100+55+71||
@Lithanium u are getting cooked
"my bug was that I didn't solve the promble"
it doesn't mean they skip
if the problem is too hard they like
true but my point was more that it was a lot of ppl
Yeah other people might have smaller screens
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
also those aren’t the actual names
i cant really say much regarding ib lmao but i can tell u about vc*
what andy image theres no andy iamge obv
what that is so early
short is less than n bruh
I don't know what dux got though
fario last problems?
Suddenly I only ever got this.
wait so irs just like. maths
Bro solved in 18 min??
wait andy where is history from
so u need to do at least 5
mod inverse works if it's coprime still i think
Do the system packages work?
My method was you store every gap between two children.
RHTERES FUCKIBGN;; ACHIDVEMENTS
But wa is basically just ccgs in info
guanhan autocarrots to ugandan
yeah fortnight stands for fourteen nights, happy to help someone learn! 😊
hmm what is a good formula for post cf pushups
and you can often do the mem trick
Any other problems is too annoying.
||Like you also have to consider the next square after that?||
You said global segtree queries
idk if amongus is a good example
you are very behind on the times
what even is the point
ok confusion got cleared up
ong it can’t be wrong
bro just do dp[8005][8005][2]
@justin_g_20 i have a super super genius dare for you
How on earth do ppl run into points/time ratio prioritisation issue.
"submissive and breedable"
why dont we do suffix sum
u guys allchanged pfp
GASLIGHT GATEKEPE GIRLIBOSS
so many more orz people
some random egoi volunteer in german pinnacle
Must have lots of money.
its a lot of "text = text.replace()" which now that i htink abt it could be replaced w a for loop
It’s only the reduced numbers which have different leading bits
am i trolling or do i need hld for potw3
technically O(n log n) time
doesn't bool take same mem
it took me a whole 3 days not in contest to impl that
i think of it as tree?
Dude I think this is like goodness ratio
is it replacing with some identity
it starts when i land 💀
is there an nth degree orz
but it'd be nice to have like a #intros or something
once he attended a vcaa meeting
i did something similar for my fakesolve of that codeforces div1B
the only subject where i got top 10% was math
wait wa ppl can someone explain to me what a verge is
time to run 10 instances of this thing on my pc overnight
why do you and josh always criticise my working code
Bro u stalk Armadale train lines
I didn’t take any :blobsad:
almost as bad as ouk
do the angus weird struct thing
im not sure what ur variables mean but i see a very big for loop doing stuff to a pq
i thought it only had april
i can’t get more points on the other 2
it starts with like C or smt
@// have you solved remittance
i dont see how his code is not gpt
or is that just like icpc
lol is that actually him spamming submits or is it a script
Bro is doing another exam.
did u think i was ragebaiting or something
bestie can you pls not kill my bestie
yeah i went all in 💀
me owning three clubs 😃
masterclass is over 😦
Did you guys need ||lazy seg||?
getting scholarship doesnt stop me from crashing out
I just use iterative segtree for 90% of the usecases
WTF THERE ARE NEGATIVES
nah i don’t think i should say 💀
femboy rowan with makeup
Loser asks their crush out again?
wait you don’t ac sub 5?
~~and test my code for me~~
feel free to contribute
wait is this like polytopia where u have like 1e9 games at the same time
is it the same as carlos's
no idea about ib though
i ac'ed the output only :)
purple for womens day or something?? idk
What is this promble thing
Ok I can’t find a word
ok i assumed a method like that would be mega ass
can i be vice president
like students -> dec
show me a quadrangle function that doesn't satisfy my condition and i'll believe you
but now i know how to make it better
Wa olymaths is run by a guy called dr gamble
justin what's ur 50 free
can i have dec24 sets 🙏 🥺
Bro articuno is actually so useless
if ur using vectors you just initialise with a +1 size
ok i will try tomorrow maybe
isnt that more than 10 days
or just set it to an anime girl that works too
I thought it would carry over to seln...
like sure practice can get u in camp
i caterpillowed a chemistry sac and today my teacher comes up to me and gives me a badge for being rank <=5 overall
also how are ||cerients but not arbia are members of the simbode class||
i would have quit info 50 years ago otherwise
if u want to find its index you can walk up
there are rules of common decency and basic respect which apply everywhere
but I was really bad
What did I do smth wrong?
Line container you just like look to your left and right and kick out the useless lines.
bruh why do we not have alpha beta roles
Arguably i threw fario because i could have gotten 293 if I didn’t choke on q3
NOO I DIED AT 812 AGAIN.
if they cant solve a problem they make one
i prove my greedies in contest
could you also specify whether the day of your birthday is divisible by three please
EM is just too orz :orz:
i thought your parents were really strict about it
wait is this only about vce methods/physics or just vce in general
(caps for comedic effect no offence justin)
it is so disrespectful
then she should be the one teaching you
editing macos source code
we are non selective as well
not using chinese like :rowan: and :minkowski:
i think it would look too weird
never heard of any of these places
having another go now
no like everyone else at school
Have you tried fenwick tree
I just read editorials when I’m like 100% certain I’m capable of solving the problem in 20 minutes
It would take like 5s to get +10.
@*SLSTST what does xue xiao shang shou mean
marx = marxism also Aiden Social doesnt quite hit right
i don't think he ak'd
(i have made zero progress in the past half an hour so i’m now farming egoi problems)
2d segtree is cursed it like never works
would u guys let me become a tutor 🥺
just ||brute force all the state transitions||
without magnus we have both players playing for a win in classical
i think it's "click here!"
should we maybe add a section for non camp people?
Neither weird NOR bad are what "orz" means 😭
bruh the desk is builtin how
u can do it without cloudflare
https://orac2.info/problem/499/submission/271632
And we got stuck there, so I FIXED THAT BUG.
your bot is frail and useless. it has effect on my creature no longer
IM ACTUALLY CRASHING OUT
even if he did get one he still would have declined for a holiday anyway
like the solutions that he gave u
I figured out a way for justin to stop spoiling problems by accident.
They get funding from government and from optiver
idk why the plane is so full
implement arithmetic sequence set + sum query
what if the prompt is `ohi`
if i was a problem maker i’d just play with the scoring graph until it looks funky
Altho tbf I haven't updated it in a long time.
so idk if it works for firefox
Where did you get old ones.
https://github.com/User0149/PTV-Departures/blob/main/src/components/NextDeparturesElem.tsx
because too many queries
i can’t solve it either
maybe he didn't like my song recommendation :blobsad:
i thought ur in the game
BROTHER BESTIBUDDYDUDEFRIENDFOGOOBERPALPOOKSIILIEEST
no matthew badminton is bad
and also || 🐌 NATHAN I TOLD U NOT TO READ||
the number of acs on orac is monotonically increasing
i don’t like potw 2 💀
WAIT its only 9 days ? aww
this thing might work bc c <= 20
it's kinda intuitive
and 20% of our school gets 99 or something
https://www.amt.edu.au/ksf
well surely its not on the same level of
like boys who were raised by parents who agree that gender's bullshit tend to have no preference over, like, dresses vs idk whatever male clohtihng is
i used to call it data
we put him in a gc with me andy philip
Noooo thats a downgrade
In terms of understanding the critique.
THAT'S A LOT OF STUFF
There are barely any
the interactive is kinda hard
besides, its like blunder spam deterrence
Once in y5 I was talking on google classroom by sending links.
i5 6500 and gtx 970 LOL
awu mgu ymq so many orz 3-letter people ending in -u
what's the thing on its head
nathan "no template" zhou orz
Not that hard right.
yeah its not even an optimisation lmao
~~ok not really one of my teachers hates me~~
That entire poem is mocking him
Look, I just saw the mst + adding nodes bc I had the maths intuition.
instead of writing r1 to memory and reading into r0, you can add r1 to r0
@awu can we have a seperate bot spam and word game channel
don't u have ur own thing
I tried North and got nothing
I CANNOT FIND MY COMPILE ERROR 😭
Wait I just changed some stuff and it dies on sub 4 but ac'ed sub 5.
bruh ive natuarlly optimised my typing technique for regular english
No like I just read the problem and I have no code in my aio folder to do anything with books
we have never said "i show speed"
why is it not just a circular array of pointers
doesnt check_output check the output of ur program
THIS 40 LINE CODE HAS NO UB
n ioi gold medals are better than n - 1
We submitted the one where we deleted 90%.
andy they added you to urls apparently
orz the chinese team visited our table
why didn’t he go outside
andy youre not helping to clear up the allegations
how did he actually hear of byot
this golf has taught me a surprising amount about c++
let's chop all their heads off again
it could be served to me on a golden platter at the white house and id still leave
:andy: :justin1::justin2::justin3::justin4:
is the greedy right?
also like. who is checking #welcome-and-rules #bot-spam ??
u aked progcomp in 30 mins
i drew it with a mouse
Overflow is approaching 600 lines as of now
I am not learning that
other people got like $200 or $400 or $100
@Matthewwww what is 🐚
loctildore vs klockwerk
Otherwise not competing
or sometimes they change up the time signature mid-song
wdym for each account
bruh then i did the sha256 for nothing
money that *you* earned
u fakesolved brainrot game?
And both are impossible.
it could be just first camp / first year
i haven’t done a single cf this year so far
Is egoi like 75% alpha
alexa nathan and justin can use this version now
she's just w copies of herself 😔
statement was hard to write concisely and also clearly
Austin and his harem :orz:
looks like an uwu face
it’s quite major spoilers i think
imma get depression when i go to school on monday
5 ppl for every surname letter
i can’t find my offline dynacon template 😭
Um idk mb you can just treat it as a function.
Philip has like blind.
i thgouht for some reason yuor browser sent them the rating
~~i mean if it's ur last ioi and u don't plan on tutoring/working for amt, i don't think it matters~~
but don't actually read it
what did u admit to 👀
balances the workload
i read one of the messages
Austin and I are laughing.
bro avg corporate slop 😭
its like barely compgeo
why would i be doin gthat to the alphas!
i genuinely thought u might have assassin
what is this bunny reaction 😭
it's in the for loop
over small values probably
who have u not stalked on this server lmao
except alexa's doesn't have a 100% winrate
did any1 else get randomly given seln 1999
he has a few wa submissions
u should ask to be in a team with him
where all the tourists touch his foot for good luck and the students have a challenge to piss on the statue
Especially if it’s good art
It has motivation derived from its definition supporting it.
this used to be a tle (>2s)
what u should actually vs me in is any supercell game or cod or fortnite or any pokémon game
Lost against us, won against us, won against pantheon, lost against pantheon.
I just assume opponent does
We just didn’t read it lmao
is he doing ur wordle
it might be l\*wer but i f\*rg\*t
surely look forward to ioi camp in 4 months - 1 week
Like find this or smt
wait do invites go to school or to u?
javelin is throwing balls
@DaBestTiger what do the four letters in your server tag stand for?
stars don't look like ⭐ do they
I feel like Mathew is such a generic name
wait how did you get the bot working
Austin we owned three quarters of the chinese team 😀
A lot of my non info friends do know what ioi is
I HTINKG KIM OGNNAN PASBB OUT
Sculpture is harder than fault
well I got $600 for academic
No it gets like rly mid
Wait havent u done it
client confidentiality
gold star for you!! ⭐ ⭐
i still lost to it lmao
AMT IS GONNA BAN ME NOW
i need to write some code in this style and submit it to a public problem
emojis convey your emotions
why do random new balls drop out of nowhere
anson's optimisation has nuked my once picturesque continent
Submit to dmoj then.
everyone just trolled
Nathan ghosts everyone
lol i love that quote
except for maybe combinatorics
lowercase with spaces
the vic physics teachers were arguing on best practices to explain to their students that the normal force on the car looks like this
Treap set is so *boring*.
what email is valentm
nah i’m watching anime
lets say gain for 4 and 5 are 2 and gain for 6 and 7 are 1
matthew's solution is truly a "it just works"
https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/145172
no it was the year 99ce
Ngl this is lowkey doable.
it’s functions as cht but u don’t have to have lines and don’t have to insert in any specific order
and anyway it's done
we can get c++ only solve on all languages
actually get a gf or appear to get a gf
just type faster :caterpillow:
that is a better emoji
angus asked me to and i was like i have trauma from that one problem
probably luogu since he's so :orz:
querying between time[u] and time[v] will give time of lca if u and v are distinct
Like even if I need to like take a break from life for a few months afterwards.
psa[i] is sum of [0, i)
i was 30 seconds off bronze 😭
except it’s rly sus coz the hrt thing looks like it’s printed on and is about to fall off
what was ps for p4 and p5
is it a bunch of femboys
justin what happened :blobsad:
I forgor most of the details honestly.
are you an O(2^n) algorithm? Because time feels like forever with you.
try cancel that one out
lol imaging switching out leaf cells
Why does that pass 💀
arent psychics supposed to read minds and stuff
Isnt radix sort just o(biggest value)
https://orac2.info/problem/19/hof/amongus_pvp
or has she graduated
that is 0 hours and 0 minutes
the english god is fixing my essay 🙏🙏🙏
jik;zk;vlasdafdsj;kal;
@// your 206'th is https://orac2.info/problem/229/ pretty sure
My interests happen to be very niche so my issue is finding people not befriending them once i find them
k <  5 and n <= 100k you can just do it 🗿
this is honestly a pretty orz solve lmao
that u know an application of splay tree
dude how is this code even comparable
clangd running on windows (not wsl) doesn’t know where to find the standard library which lives in wsl
Also @caterpillow I wrote ZERO segtrees in seln 😎
@caterpillow you can back me on this right
but the alpha isn't going to know that they aren't info
i can underetsand most of these though
like sitting in front of a computer
why is there a segtree tag
ive already pretty much thrown my atar this year already
;hitlist icaijy namethatdoesnotexist
https://discord.gg/DD4GXtaG
ok that’s fine then just pretend i fakesolved
caterpillow tree is like basically constant tho
Why are we sending death threats
ok u get the dummy account
use vectors for pqs asw
wait wtf we've actually only ever gotten 1 hm??
maybe we can get jerry on board?
like instead use year of first dec inv
It’s actually kinda like how jump pointers work
you should only leave impl if u plan on going  back to it later right
surely i'm not only person to score 0
justin o guo justin x guo
the person who has been to the most melbourne meetups this year is justin 💀
why is it iss 2025 camp
if today's gender presentations become just an aesthetic with no further connotations then i'm fine with that
financial advice company which uses astrology like zodiac signs and shit to tell ppl whether they should invest in companies
bro we have a test on roots of unity
Justin stop baiting 💀
KILL NATHANS WEIRD DIAMOND THING
i believe in classic heart supremacy
i don’t understand the problem statement
It just blue screens after a few minutes
Imma submit courier rn
nah it’s better if i can read and plan impl for several problems whilst teammates solve q1
and then i get the highest score on their next test
except i don’t think u handle cycles properly
omg i finally spell annihilation correctly
I just saw someone using the discussed method of using water to heat other water
just don't be so generic
Cuz u can get obscure reductions
[The complex houses married] and [single soldiers] and [their families].
are you scratch? because i don't mind taking it slow
It works when I declare the variable globally, but not locally.
.95 is too much work for me to do
comma operator sucks
Arthur ngl looks like a random gamer
how does that make any sense
where do you get hof what
loop until you dont change anything for an entire loop
if u can hijack stdin
:blunder::kit2::kit3:
do we index by dec camp
So egoi might also go to april.
Bring it to april camp
they also have a cap on the guest list
Bruh nathan said dates ages ago
yeah but info is much more orz than code golf
sure believe wtv you want
if i made it always solvable surely no one would ever die
isn’t gen alpha 2013 onwards
its not dont play it
so he was my debate coach last year
nooo a caps lock user
@caterpillow you should solve properly
which was the reason u used ts
or do we like choose per order
how do u small large it
i’m staying up until accommodation lists come out 💀
u are woefully unprepared
i swear i got mine for like 7 usd
who is the funny guy
i used 3 segtrees for q1
$F(N)=\frac{N!}{2^{\frac{N-1}{2}}}$
philip do u know what splay tree is
joi is worse than aus
School road is black on luogu.
what are the "functions"
this is the smartest way to get server boost benefits without server boosting
i'm so ready to eat these noodles raw
but it can be ambigiuosu
i dont know if i should go to camp
bruh it’s aboriginal poetry like just tell me what to say
no offence will wang who ever u r
you can speak any language
please someone tell me i'm not the only one who keeps finding these youtube explainer videos with ai women on the thumbnails
bruh i was getting hopeful until i saw wavelet matrix
yeah first child with a non-zero value
wait my friend literally solved it for the research thing
Just pick one at random and do it (don't read the other one before submitting your response)
how do you even do that kind of tim ecomplexity
stop spamming lunbdner
@Matthewwww got it yet?
that is a good point
i do not want ur account
y7s are talented damn
it's like ur confident it will yield a positive result in the long run
it will say dumb stuff
i'm not too sure either
and u can use the cursed amortisation for like log^2 everything
when you need range reverse queries
this is some high quality stuff
treaps are so buffed
is that the same in AIIO/FARIO
why does mine give a viewed date
and trump will call in putin
i am still joining bars, so, clearly, yes, i am still a masochist
he like does not study efficiently
https://discord.com/channels/1055076258825908244/1055076258825908247/1453870646634221598
how is nathan's family so good at info though
I jsut wrote this ad a sanity check
No pointers are involved
isaiah used his y2 photo or something
alr ill do the bronze contest later 💀
the austrian server used to be active
nathan is not paying attention during lectures because he knows it all already orz
number of ioi ppl that u have met
peanut shell sized and peanut shell empty
he used to love me too but i bricked his classes for info
the peak hourly rate i got from aucoding was $180/hour
what is the 1001 for
https://icaijy.com/oj/submission/110/
YOU'RE MY FAVOURITE COUSIN, COUSIN.
and then append them
your inability to search photos is barring my homosexuality rn
What's the answer meant to be?
then u will try more
no justin has crazy training on orac
who do u think would approve of this venture
except for maybe soaking some orz
"mr musgrave hostage"
i think stopping at 500 is reasonable
150% chance of happening 🤓
not the ... interesting quotes
p3 is ridiculously cooked
i remember this conversation
Huh which letters did you get?
he might have gained weight who knows
bruh i need to write a grader now
each element in the array also has its own x value
since every year the bottom gets lower as something new is discovered 💀
Maybe superficially?
@// can u tell me what optimal for 3 motorbikes is
Coco melon is so good
I never print strings
And a 1x2 at the front.
if anyone is stuck in the orac queue and has been for the past 5 minutes it’s my fault
WHTAHATWTHGTHHTRaw hghthaty
What’s wrong with that
Wait so awus *and* aiden are stepping on alex?
What did I ever do 😭
It was just justin I see.
Like it’s allowed to stay in a node while the watchman passes over it
@Ternary Search Enjoyer
Exactly what I was saying.
since they move towards the copper side
why is ur bot so slow 💀
@Joshc I thought you didn't like registers.
i did not see that n is that small
OH SHIT IM DOWN TO ONE HOUR LEFT TIME TO LOCK IN
Can't solve rand prombles 😔
wait how does nesa decide if an attempt is non-serious
alexa is the only innocent one here
It's fine 99.96% is good enough.
bruh i'm not even an alumni at all how did i get this email
there are other words which contain "nig" 🤡 🫵
they will find out angus' name anyways
it doesn't like you ❤️
matthew can i bet on u in sportsbet
I do not give consent for you to share images of me
nah if i'm the best WA can do it doesn't look good
hey @caterpillow you should go ask angus for permission or smth idk
Ron what did you get?
bruh no one knows any of the irrelevant old aios
and u can see inside
Loops imply repeating lots of times yk.
thats why it sometimes prints a billion lines of errors
I AM YOUNG I DON'T KNOW THE OLD NEWS 🙁
;mutual Lithanium Lithanium 3
Bro I have like O(1) lookup time in my spreadsheet.
i swear this was posted last year as well
unordered_map is not the issue
i have never had that bug in my entire career
wait how does reroot on lct even work
it's going to go in a semicircle next
im not doing this p3 bs bruh
and do the 1e6 states dijkstra
i've been channeling my inner nathan fire drill
oh i’m gonna like drop off of that rq
ther is the $1000 box
my entire algorithm is basically dfs
according to an ex chinese team member on cf
which cows do you actually care about
Philip is like goat of everything
ppl at scotch are like insanely academic
and pairing cards 1622
which is why a[10] = {}; creates an array full of zeroes
caterpillow saying goodnight
VECTOR(N,0) IS THE DUMBEST THING IVE EVER SEEN
AS;DLFIKJFJD;LKSAJFL;KADSF;JLADKSAFSDJ;LKAJ;FLDKSAFJL;DKSG;JLAKFDS;FLDJASKFADS
I swear "mina" doesn't exist.
i’m gonna do the cf round on my laptop
I’ll have a look when I get back
dorothy literally has MEW in their about me
but that's not full solution
iceland isnt even a country
are you doing it sideways
40m creative is good
wait that was an inquiry
first minute was just like wtf am i listening to
try picking one up and throwing them
because the algorithm is just like that
is felix the new austin
@alexa (*SLSNST) is nathan mean
Y’all can suffer for a bit
I swear joisc is so bashy
i bet it features the beautiful state of wa
what numbbrr is this
nathan is not a gun you can point at people
fuck i’m getting distracted form phys i’m so cooked for tmrw
Bro just bsearch then atp.
unless there’s a requirement of 1 leader per 2 students or something
so i have a 500 line solution of 2 of the same solution copy pasted twice frankensteined together with rand on top of triple digits of submission spam 💀
https://user0149.github.io/Running%20Max/javelin.svg
nah but you still need to query intermediate states
didn't you say you were gonna complain
btw do u accept my offer to buy brickoj stonks
i submitted `print("hello")` to a broken problem and now the judging thread is stuck
literally changing the input for each query
Idk how but orz :orz:
i have 100+ as well 😭 but at least like 10 have compile errors ldskfjsdfkjgksdjf
idk where i remember the previous number from
Nvm ik rna it's pretty easy.
and copy the manual way
DID SOMEONE JUST REMOVE ME FROM THE VC.
he like runs around data science pestering people and whacking their hair and being weird in general
And sleep on the couch.
it’s anti chain rule done twice
It was harder than archery for me.
given that it’s alpha trial 1
why woud you ever need to code urself these days
nathan i knew counting was never your strong point
stone. is a more minor minority than women
actually i cheated a bit
oh wait shoot i think my german high school posted
why would you inconsistently index
Battlecode must be very hard not impling.
because i am 99% sure that i have top golf
do u perform in plenary
but idk how to generate all matchings quickish
AH;KJH;KLJFADSHJKLDFAS;HJLK;FADSJLK;FADSJLK;AFDSJL;KFDAS
a teacher shaved their head for $60000
nah that does not look like andy
what is this no covntext
what do u guys think of this
ORZ 6 PROBLEMS TODAY WTF
nah but 1 indexing ruins the mental image since ur like shifting everything up and then l back down
u can transform any instance to one with a[i] = 0
how are you so good at prompt engineering
the only problem is that it uses up a lot of virtual memory but we have 2^64 of it so it's like fine
,av Matthew, Apparently
MY REGIONS IS NOT JUDGING
i'm too used to info instant feedback
sure, but the ambassadors were also dead
but now past the front foot
Is it like kunai 40p?
I think you should try code golf
philip is the source of all brainrot in this server lmao
wtf i literally cannot score points on this
dw ray thinks its red
did NOT answer my question at all.
Flammable was an abbreviation
But don’t you need like.
What do you do when your ub goes back in time and deletes all outputs 😭
what did you just type
wait is it sliding scale
i will kill both of you for lucy
you store tl tr and 2 child pointers
I wanna figure out why my treap is slower than everyone else's.
you could have kept up the lie without needing to do that
ai will never beat humankind, we have austin
alg was n^2 but somehow passed < 0.5 secs
Have you been reading #major-problem-spoiling 🤨
wait are you allowed to use google in redactle
PEOPLE FLY FOR HIS MATH CAMP????
that is not from ioai
especially if you wear a dress
honey hasn't done anything in a while
most or least significatnt
bruh what direction is it
are you one of justin's (alleged) solutions? 'cause i can solve you in my head, but i'm too scared to implement irl
number of universities that are named after ppl
luckily i did ls beforehand
ok bruh it got a better score like immediately
i thought u alr made a team called "sk!bidi rizzlers"
alex are you still doing the cf
i was just taking a break from dp that's all
No you. you just repeated a phrase
where are you even finding these
for every message i send there's like 5 nathan msgs
sydney grammar saving u and matthew for next year so u guys will have more 50s than scotch
But cht has no log so that may be important in optimisation
Does this help for info.
@// HA imagine getting gpt to squeeze ur mle islands
but sure you could make that argument
bro has not played these games before
but its annoying cuz i cant really tell how close i am to solving
AND THIS HUGE YELLOW CIRCLE BUG COMES INTO MY APARTMENT
you'll have to specify like week 0 tho
actually i kinda see it
wtf i swear u were trying since noon
how do u even write 26 pages
ive used my yaiden wen profile so many times already
i wanna see what happens if i send it to him
this is a certified minkowski moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRh1zXFKC_o&themeRefresh=1
how is cheah doing info bringing more money to imo
wait, "tiger the goat" 🗽
if every number happens to be the same % sz
Bro why is there a 1p subtask 💀
like the person who's mutuals u checcked
No it wasn't like "I can't solve anything" frustrated.
font which is times new roman but 5% wider so you can make your school assignments look longer than they actuall are
flatman’s tower isn’t dp
U should add me as an honourary member
problem 3 i didnt understand
like there is an archive
and corporate amt just splits it however they deem fit
350+ submissions a week
but it doesnt mean we should fix cp
Bc I didn't get registered.
orac could have just given me 0 💀
it’s the same one i have
bruh that took way too long
can u understand that
i didn’t think of that, i gave nk instead
i can't do daily easy
shopping spree 2 in 1e5 💀
💀 what did i walk into
Actually for sweepline don’t think so
Like you are just better suited as justin's mentor and awu as matthew's.
nor australian maths trust
@Uasoni can u give me english tutoring
chess is so uneventful
59 is still undefeated
A;JSLDFALSKJDFKL;AJSDLKASDL;K
and then a vector of powers of the primes
bro i cant fricking believe
"after making a submission to a problem, i won't move on to the next problem until i have ac'ed" - quang
bruhh literally the same issue as my last re
so they gave up and just gave u full score
lmao ok i buy that unimelb grads cant do anything lmaooo
OH WAIT I DIDNT SEE THE OTHER COLUMNS
socks that make you a programming god
i don't have the wine2 original image tho
oh no who's going to provide maid dresses now
i’m gonna solve connect rn just to prove it’s possible (for non orz)
W/ a bunch of random stuff.
it took me so long to solve p1 and p2
you should go do conways game of life with matrices
lol so you can cheese most problems?
lmao @Lithanium apparently u quit acio bcos u saw the substring 'rayser'
~~someone got my alt banned :(~~
(if you stop asking for solutions to everything)
i don't like games that are like   Just get good at this physical skill/reaction speed/etc
Justin actually won’t know
it wasn't complete centroid
like quang recursive backtracking
Bruh being female sucks in like every comparison.
but normally subtasks are like kinda sorted easiest to hardest yk
we're info nerds it's abt efficiency right
i was just like hmmm i’ll chuck a segtree here
no but he needs like high gold
X = flower, Y=vase ig
I THOUGHT PEOPLE WERE JUST TYPOING THE WHOLE TIME.
50k * 20 is under a million
no way ur coming to melbourne
like the sort of bug that gets blog posts written about it
Does my school just end early?
after i removed all the debugging stuff
u gotta step up ur game
flex hard candy on him
joshc would have died on ioi 2013 then
they were learning about aus y12 stuff in y10
Wait no I can just run it against my pinnacle code.
isn't that just range add point query
Idk where that is tho.
Like what if a small child found it.
PROGCOMP RESULTS OUT
Mobile web is faster on this one.
Though mod might be better idk
Wait didn’t awu like manually water cool his with ice one time coz it was too shitty
That gets you 12 for 9
that's like the dsu ackermann thing being basically o(1)
Michael couldn't prove p3.
Yeah all tymon's fault innit?
i didnt know any of these names when i did the first 3
coz it says that in input
lol yeah i wonder what he's even doing rn
How is this perpendicular 💀
i impl a subtask when upgrading it to a bigger subtask is just switching out one part for a faster one
No i dont think i can
AND I CUT OUT THE FURST 10 LINES
It's just like a segtree but fat.
nah im gonna do gold tmr
same way you update a normal dsu
~~we should add alexa just to troll nathan~~
Any segtree can be translated into a bucketing solution
used to just be a music thing now they got podcasts reals and messaging ?????
going to run the hill climb overnight
Because the nodes can be duplicate lcas
https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/43230
why can’t justin participate 💀
OMFG I THINK I SEE THE BIPARTITE MATCHING
i forgot u went to my old school
> Back in my day, we had to manually think of breaking cases
who's the team leader
;hitlist Lithanium justin_g_20 10
Matthew slandering gc.
I should have just written a lazy create segtree
actually, idrk how the term came about
this is actually a demonstration of precisely how inept one can be at interaktives
nah tbf i can't be stuffed going
And I thought it was like.
ok i think i've realised something else
“mindustry/factorio like”
surely they give them to u in order of time
“You can always be **a**wu but never **the**wu”
You don’t need lazy segtree unless you want both range update and range query tho
hope angus answers email soon 💀
I TOLD U TO REREAD THE STATEMENT
ok now i really dont get it
its like beginner/early intermediate level
sydney is so much better
justin evidently doesn’t care anymore
is when u print it at the end?
what is there to quote that is a factual and sane statement
thats enough for ioi gold
u made an admin gui??
therefore, needs more incentive
&& still causes branching right?
i didn't know they are all that
ive got a set of io thats been sitting in my clipboard for like 15 minutes now
ok time to start guessing
i have a chemistry sac assignment due in like 12 hours
that's a variant of chair spinning
i was at the airport
cosmic rays are flipping bits in orac servers idc
I could not care less if my hsc was juntao or nathan.
like it could realistically be provincial distance
it's also the most powerful sqrt technique imo
and each int is 32 bits
wait i'm 1 point away from beating em :kekw:
dude what how idd i win
and i said *boutta* be
What does that mean?
Now i want to know too
it’s optimal to merge top at point then go down
> Legend tells of a problem, from a scandinavian team selection exam, so hard it took even 4-time-IOImedallist Jerry Mao several months to solve. Now it’s your turn to solve this problem.
i thought that was 90%
i think they were too skill issue at english to realise what that was
wdym by lazy delete segtree wtf is that
I don’t like heuristics
https://tenor.com/view/money-breaking-bad-sleep-on-money-lay-on-money-money-pile-gif-5382667
what do you use your diff monitors for
i don’t see the problem
https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/130706
still need to figure out wtf birb power is tho
see this is further proof that going all in is the best strat
i was playing around with settings and deleted an O
BRUH CAN I READ THAT OR NOT
ok it ac's subtask 1
u instantly headsolve everything in 1 second
u have pinged olivia 3 times in the last 24 hours
U can’t really give other problems without spoiling them
@georgec SPAM RATED RN.
how have 30 people solved arrayser
i thought maybe peking was some province i didn't know about
if has interesting pronouns but i guess i don't want to offend only
wait i like don’t learn actual content
@// u no longer have double my orac solves smh
and wa solutions go in there
i forgot to import pickle 💀
my 9000 line sushi code 💀
but nothing compared to current one
Would declaring a lambda
@dorothy fall off a tree.
are you a segtree? 'cause i'd love to go on a walk with you
As long as you don't remove your current iterator.
why don’t u just download the files they give then work from ther
@// so are you wrong again?
Just don’t use cpp or Python
This looks fun, I should do it.
ur actually including the `l` in the sum
REMOVING 2 LOG QUERIES AND INSTEAD, PUTTING THEM INTO INTS MADE IT SLOWER
They were like "let's split into three cases".
so i can’t predict where the front of the train is
ig I can just add a popup or something
but i need ✨NEW ✨plushies
i mean i wouldn't know
i have to turn everything into 2-tall pixels
Cult of daniel tierlist
Why is python like this 💀
https://orac2.info/problem/145/hof/amongus_pvp
there are like 14 people from NT in camp
communication problem: u are given a tree. Alice gives each node labels between number and number. Bob, given only two labels must identify and return the i.d. (different to label) of a node on the path between the two nodes corresponding to the labels given.
c++ outside of info is IRRELEVANT
Once again as a mobile web user all I see are white rectangles.
It was the one with some weird massive red rope on her back.
my notes consist of orac submissions
can't even make it fast
It moves things around?
ok that’s the funniest shit i’ve seen all week
but apparently u are
but for bigger base can u like carry more
man ur script just made my chrome not respond
Hld impl is honestly fine
oh my 8 :brilliant:s
????????????????????????
I know how it works for tree but I'm interested for graph
i had mo’s + an extra log
u at least need to *experience* the bad problem
after realising my previous implementation was unintended
And there's an edge between them.
planar dag reachability but goofy
just click on "join meeting" a few times
But I think you get the idea.
What the hell they're cheaper than bento.
i think this is consistent
That sounds pretty useful.
is there even going to be svg
Frick aiio is in 2 days
https://discord.com/channels/1055076258825908244/1076802082172055592/1289595540186726460
but also i bought some drm-free music 🙂
it took 2s for that move
can you teach your birds to do informatics
thanks i will be reading that never
its still 500 and 400 on orac now
i have never used them
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1384091078361354362/1402946083214327928/20250807_172339.jpg?ex=6895c2db&is=6894715b&hm=3a1199a46656a7b24d6f8a4486ad62716b92bc57d3a48f30d5ea1ef176814335&=&format=webp&width=826&height=1102
i used translate and i dont see the tree merge part
yeah ill burn them at stack, and queue too
once he gets his imo gold then he has no more excuses
no it's really easy 🗿
If your computer runs out of ram it searches on wifi for nearby computers it can request ram from.
@Matthewwww send imo paper
**Everything** is newai.
since frontend is static index.html
like `fuck you!` or something
ai amc middle primary
wtf how have *so many* people solved aio p5 in the last 5 mins
I should apply for financial relief
it's not very good....
arrghhhh what am i doing
but worst case still the same i think
is that a thing that sounds kind of bs
if your mod is prime then anything is fine
is it 40 degrees while its raining
What if you don't do that 🙏
like if u want it to fill fields
you can't do anything complex in them without going full haskell
your motivation is clearly to do them before matthew
consider: there are three groups of people
i am :black_bear: but not quite
i dont remember this
from the perspective of the person actually donating the money
there are only zero genders
Half of aiio is just dp, gt, ds 😨
i have more than that
orz miles dad icpc winner
I’m slowly gaining on Daniel Rayhan bin Abdullah Zain
Like mb the solution isn't even a fixed order.
irrelevant languages 🗿
i didnt realise cow teleporting worked like that tho so i didnt consider it
A list of sites right?
do u track all companies in the news 💀
im being trolled again :philip:
lmao knowing justin it probably is
@justin_g_20 tell him the dare,
:sus: IS AN IMPOSTER
salad + man + der --> meat + woman + int???
she retired to live on a farm or something 🗽
name one difference between vocaloid singer and ai singer
Egypt should be fine
you can download every language
Naman looks like tech support.
literally nothing has o(1) input
nvm ac i am the construction goat
it’s like fine right
yiheng didn't make april last year either
i think we're getting sidetracked
actually probably less
the physics engine lol
bruh usaco lore come on
99.99% of time I will say it
scotch college maths society
https://www.scotch.vic.edu.au/calendar-events/term-dates.aspx
I did worse on day two than aiio, fario, seln day 1 or seln day 2.
the students passively pressuring me was way worse
🥴 rather wiglgly name
i think i'm done playing.
I don't like reading books or analysiing them
that is not how it works!
there's like 5 lines ab good things that will happen to you if you're a christian followed by 60 absolutely terrible things that will happen to you if you're not 🗽
so you can remove the whitespace
ur misunderstanding the problem
exposure to info is the only thing holding girls back
really i just think people who get a high atar shouldn't be put on a pedestal above everyone else who is good at debating/music/info/real maths/sport/etc
the two are equivalent
he is simultaneously a class clown and an academic sweat
orac is screwing me istg
So surely to come first you bring someone *else's* phone into the toilet.
is orac file download not working
But you can't have two vowel sounds in one character.
we slept in separate rooms
The period 2 starts we have occasionally are so good
what if there currently isnt anything within range
Like wouldn't there be extra overhead?
like i had it copied to the clipboard and it changed when i went to edit it
nah i ordered them all
olymaths helps with observations
you realise you're gonna have to use qwerty anywhere it actually matters
I had a friend in that server 💀
i think that is easily gm perf bro
yeah but i stopped trying here because i had enough for the day
they are painted badly
ok on my second monitor i see like 4
I saw him in qld for sat 👀
Why in info server tho ☠️
https://transport.vic.gov.au/
pls do this vehr formal survey
i will listen to the dark fantaasy one now
And it's just inherently magic?
oh yeah this is the problem where everyone in the hof has a completely different solution
which is supposed to tle but maybe 2024 hardware lets it pass
is it more :shellshocked:ing than :matthew:
i chose the emojis pretty arbitrarily, if anyone has suggestions for diff ones ill take em lol
harem = everyone is each other's other 1/n
we can pull from it anyways
50 cents if u wear programming socks in tst
but then it RUNTIME ERRORS
i will paint them better 👍
.smt is 0 additional sigfigs
it’s ||teleporters||
But then again that's the whole bottle.
perth counts as regional australia
like we're ghostbusters or something
it will call the correct constructor
guess who read c wrong fro the 4th time
im talking about actually adding the new nodes
:rowan: :icaijy: :chris: :orz:
20p is a comfortable solve
lemme see if i still have it
their bananas are pretty mid tho
I will send u a rickroll
ok but like rigourously
mine is also tle’ing
it’s essentially link cut tree
they are in pinnacle
unless u can prove that it works
wtf optiver does educational maths videos??
im doing mentoring i need it
YAY RON IS DOING INFO
or go back on the page and try again
so u need beta to reject?
but there is no contest
ok stuff i don’t need to know then
maybe their x-axis extends from a zero infinitely far away
and solve left half and right half
ok ifl you should stop now it was funny at the beginning but now it’s just spam
i have never seen five rains
I was right at least 😌
so ur the only one with a score
IF GOD WAS FASKEJ HOW OCOUDL I BE SO PHAPYPY RFGHT NWOE
it already enmded a few days ago right
I’ve only ever used sqrt trees for optimising dnc to log log n
What counts as weird
?? & !! cancel out right
but dijkstra is generalised bfs
this is the wrong channel
how does one reverse search a sever
i havent read it since :(
and also gets less bits than that
It doesn’t work bc you need to sign into edstem?
when was the last time a qlder was in ioi
if you think this isn't weird i want to see yours
what about this https://orac2.info/problem/fario14nsa/hof/awu
Surely add a 5% chance for the animation to show per ac
lol im surprised olivia was able to stalk me
It's just that there being so many usaco golds means the chance that some of them are rly good is higher.
if you haven't clicked on a tab in a while firefox unlaods it
wait do people here know about like the voronoi addition and shit back on orac1
@Matthewwww do this https://oj.uz/problem/view/JOI18_candies
dude wtf is rainbow legion
on my way to submit 500k lines to brickoj halfway through aiio
so they give you k pairs of u and v
i do not know my passport number 😦
overwrites some other pointer
Matthew be coming back to some pins 👀
i do not care if people i do not like do not like me
idk how else to do it
You already are basically tho.
And that would have an `operator=(int x) {}` which does nothing.
yes, no, asnwered in task desc, no comment, invalid q
Stalk mini Philip :blobaww: :philip:
bruh if you need this for your golf then you can probably optimise much further
oh wait i just realised
both my parents wanna go
You have to make sure you don't hit space.
And I realised I might be cooked.
i assure you it is true
like compares modded value?
But if you want to improve i would suggest doing what josh says, these problems are more just for enjoyment
it might be hallucinating
i just do english with indentation
We gotta beat the French
i am the better majest lmao
i get magic rte on maintaining a sequence
christina on the way to gold
wa be like what is argument analysis
what would a t skirt look like 🤔
and it broke my code
woahhhh hes too powerful
aiop1 was like really bad
this logic is so sketch
i will bring a shitty cheap keyboard i find in my house to guarantee a baseline keyboard quality
what was i meant to say @awu
why would it be a different guy
that will fix everything
there is no syllabus, it's ccgs
But that never happens
Idk I came up w/ it 💀 it might not be legit.
i think i may have bricked my computer 💀
i need like special mex
wait so u would have been fine anyways
i went through my entire info career thinking i was really bad
Huh surely automate it 💀 💀
eh it's not like this conversation is impeding what would otherwise have gone down in general anyway so i cbb
imagine being taught by ron
it doesent get 100 tho
bring it back when nathan comes back
It’s more obv on a white bg.
Why am I becoming more and more like justin.
then he suddenly became like evil
that’s called rejection
you also have to ask everyone else
yeah i buy the bend space thing
:alexasleepy: > :icaijy:
huairon is also going conditional on this person going
@caterpillow how is impl going
Can’t wait to find out.
since when did you use this many structs
Why would I try to headsolve and impl again when I already FINISHED impl??
but idk how this -> soln
makes the experience more mystical
There isn’t too much difference on this problem?
Cos like Phillip might think there's more stuff aside from accom + tuition yk.
wait @caterpillow can u give out sets yet
bruh i'm like mini quang now
i also wanted to know if he uses iterative segtree
so i didn’t think it had a battery
Let’s go the ddos worked.
And like a ridiculous amount of food
you cant list a bunch of non-trivial things and then say "its trivial except for these"
😭 i didnt take philosophy ok
why dont u all go join room 125 or whateverr
everyone i know has consistent spacing
i think tles are better than re
the cycle things also need to be the same
surely you can do one
be extra silly and whimsical
I don’t know the two in the back
ill configure a server later
istg i have never seen "walk"
i can cut a random line break and it will be 27
but like is it really that comparable to ioi medal
dp[i] is dp for [0, i)
I'm not taking that bs.
i got 50% on the practice one
oh hmm maybe someone else is judging
and then give the problems to the tutors
chat cf is over hop on aotr
as long as or is “an operation which has the same properties as logical or” then i’m fine with it
scotch is falling off though
did u guys use it in ur info school in china
it is a VERY natural thought process
the better bestie of me?
they dont give you a number
does it work for orac
@alexa (*SLSNST) is that taller than you?
"i want to ruin someone's day with hld treap. how can i make a problem where they are forced to use this?"
are you like unable to find something to do if its not assigned to you????
The alternative could've been "they should allow chat gpt in exams".
because if you give girls specifically more opportunities, your potential to get recognised through informatics gets nerfed from birth
kevin is a common name
i just ||lowered the dp range it it somehow worked|| 💀
actually only i am because you solved it
i try to "inspect" every locus question i see
he’s not in this server
wow, preparing to fail
The desk is smaller than Nathan’s computer
potential is like exponential right
But keep the first and last letters the same.
i can see that a message was deleted but not the content i think
I just saw logn and went yay.
nontrivial problems this time
It compiled *after* it got ac on sub 1 💀
i can evidence i am alexa rn
It will be considered.
wait i just realised uzbekistan has more ppl than australia
aren't the weights positive
u guys might be on the wrong island
but only for some subtasks
what do i call the script
or when i’m spectacularly bored
WHY IS THERE PREGNANT MAN
you might have broken orac vm lol
But it’s not really maths and info anyway
i just wrote a program that performs 5 billion operations in 1.2 seconds wtf
matthew is still dying on c = 1 for nightlight
oh you lost to aiden
Is NZ coming to April this year?
Imma talk to him via window.
ohh its coming from it catching up w all the nathan blunder spam
without raiding laboratories or smt
isn’t it like a scale
can farmer john catch all the cows
the existence of high distinction implies the existence of low distinction
i feel motivated to learn spanish and read the original after reading that lol
But it’s still isolating
https://tenor.com/view/lonely-depressed-sad-gif-5990129
wait i realised ur not meant to discuss solutions
i have april camp invite for 2025
msxl should do the joi exam right
usually you dont rly care about which nodes are in each scc, and instead which scc each node is in
he will click on like
methods is like the biggest waste of time ever
he’s like locking in on atar
;handle set lithanium
I managed to disprove what is apparently the correct solution to telefrogs idk what i did
every array contains a pointer to a struct that says what the actual type of the array is
i just got off orac leaderboard
y fast tries are crazy
where is the awu uwu orac username change :blobsad:
caterpillow is rich !
if the emojis are ugly that’s worse
It’s in the morning 🤮
the funniest part is that that ioi was held in australia
I even gave it hints
do u suspect this to be jerry’s “random flow problem”
wait off by one mbmb
what is wrong with this
Pinnaple Island -> Pinnacle Island
I TOTALLY DIDNT GET CARRIED
Imma add We are Charlie Kirk
Josh l is featured in xkcd today :O https://xkcd.com/2890/
for forwarding a message
hold on what’s the complexity of hld if u choose the deepest subtree
what are they gonna do, open the shower to check who it is?
Actually it’s really cursed
WAIT I KNOW THE SCHEME
bishop z-100 e1 checkmate
trivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivialtrivial trivial
all of my whiteboard stuff comes from malaysia lol
day trading i got all but last which i thought was fine
wait how do i sign up for noai
it finds the first element greater or equal
lol  yeah i just read
this is so unintuitive
matthew stalks this chat confirmed
basically wsl on mac
oh shit i forgot the ++
cfhijlmnrstuvwxyz here's your alphabet.
or is it like private
each country should be able to send up to 24 participants
Yeah no sh*t there was no context.
he will become aus 2nd ioi ak trust
i just pulled those numbers out of my ass btw
both the concept of girls and the concept of informatics are constructed
coz we always insert the child in
that reminds me... i need to solve potw 3 now
that is  a bit duibous
i think deque should be pronounced deh-kuay
all the teachers keep getting mad at me for not doing 50 exams
the longer the name is in chinese
~~  ~~ new dashes just dropped
solving impossible problems
when i query a train station
on any case which your sol gets wa on
no my sum function is high
its like reverse hilo]
omg with if :ymq: solved it
irtiza bist du in dem deutschen server für Informatik
yea it was a pretty ancient ping
i am going to miss not being on the same train as 2 ioi ppl
but it will also call it 3 times so be careful
Mb it’s the same guy giving you courier fakesolve.
i go for big points and then cut my losses with subtasks if i take too long and don't make any progress
at this rate you'll have your noodles ready in time for breakfast
bruh we don't need 2 wines
no i did not say that
i looked away for like 5 seconds
oh 💀 ok u guys definitely did better than us then
lma* if u get it u can give it t\* me
trust i can definitely solve max matrix and papa frog
input is just standard graph input
How’s your train game going.
then each time you increment ans you greedy up to 2 more lowest things
Thars all I need for ac
u literally have inf processing power
@awu u should solve island
except u query twice at the centre
~~time to rebrand to ausinfo~~
ts is what chatgpt gave me
@justin_g_20 can you do this https://oj.uz/problem/view/JOI19_examination w/o 2d seg 😭
i have never gotten higher than credit on cat
that problem is definitely bullshit
a man that [a woman that {a child that (a bird that i heard) saw} knows] loves
Bro awu gave me a trial exam where one problem is stack 4 cooked ds on top of each other
@convexhulltrick sorry :blobsad:
If that is the rebus it is indeed sh*t 💀
it's like next level plot armour
Nadir subtask 1 is free
i will start by kicking myself out
it happened to me during alpha contest 2024
surely just delete then
is it cuz he’s russian
lemme send u blackmail photos of yourself
i sent it like some time ago
each slime is black or white
@awu isn’t it just || like a really cursed segtree sweep||
the text is sideways and too small
you have to either use std::move or std::swap
And seln flashforwards.
You can't tell me you see dhruv's in the street every day.
yeah ik but how to configure
NOOO IT GOT TAKEN DOWN
better question is who *isn't* doing contest
she is a pleasant cat
nah we requested everyone else too
that's what i did for kunai
now that i think about it 💀
u just chuck a min/max segtree on the array
oh what i didnt even notice bc of the bottle
well then ur pjs get dirty
If you don't observe them.
You can harvest crops.
accept my friend req 🥺
its inclusive inclusive
I licked it off a chopstick when I was a kid.
After some point like level 25 or smth you just can't do anything interesting.
Matthew’s folder starting to look like smth else 👀
Licking is not against amt coc.
;hitlist justin_g_20 Double_Slash
wait does that still amortise to O(n²)
time to analyse the shit out of this
WHY IS THAT PEPPER SO BIG
It must be 2048 + 1024 + ...
These are the ones I alr put:
wtf orz u broke my code
what a beautiful moment
When I click from chat, I can only see arthur's 💀
fisherman was trial exam
i swear ive never heard of anyone wanting to apply to research/software engineer
I still haven't forgiven what you made me *go through* for river 2.
if i even make april 😭
cuz of the # of edges i thought maybe the pq was overflowing
~~i have 4x more requests than you have friends~~
"bugs" in code should be renamed "ghosts". it is cuter, more accurate to the haunting nature of the most hard-to-find bugs (segfaults, ect.) and allows us to say we are "removing ghosts" from our code, which is far cooler than debugging. thank you for coming to my ted talk
I don’t need to read your code to know you’re spastic.
Today ai suggested **hashing stone tablets**.
make square is ||trivial diagonal sweep||
i am trying to deceive myself into thinking that school is greaet
Is it true that david wang didn’t make april
answer is at m[0][0]
bruh andy’s constant optimisation lecture so shit
maybe next year u never know
So solve everything else first.
What if he’s teaching t sub!
You can do it with batching
raveen is now gonna use our aiio scores to make up results
Bro what is this segtree
i distinctly remember you dying even on the n log n
Bruh I’m not reading that
the term has been retired
i use this all the time for sweeplines and stuff
JUST COULDNT MAKE IT A SLIDING SCALE
nooo i missed atcoder
ok arrayser attempt 1
Wait is your hs 9-13?
there's a guy from descpicable me called vector?
Are we doing the same promble 💀
the poor people who did aoi
like every private school has fencing just to flex how private they are
wait this defies the rules of the game
maybe i should write a bot to play for me
you want to diss the people that read too fucking deep into these things
felix can we make a project together
we need caterpillow :rowan:
ill see if i can get a differnt colour one
alibaba or temu or some other chinese onlin shopping thing
also clearly it should be 0 indexed
joi selling rna strands
you can link a message??
And it’s rly hard to close.
lmao my english score this year is gonna be like <35
wait how does that help
she doesnt even do info
being a permutation lowers the odds a lot
And only 2 can go to ans
dont sleep on  yanfei
will also raise money
wait doesn’t he have a chinese passport or smthing
maybe its like minecraft
And for case 3 they were like.
eg. nathan has infinite plot armour
the dedication :orz:
This isn't looking good for my realsolveness.
bruh the maccas logo is clearly red
Ok I think it is only 3
or bat is related to pat
:bangusritossa: for when you're crashing out
austin do you think you can add or not
it’s just ||greedy which is why nathan doesn’t have it 💀 ||
but that's fake O(1)
oml we are *still* 28 apart its so sad
Then I call the object
@// u havent sent the matthew 0.5 picture :blobsad:
i think watching people try to implement cancer stuff is funny
Like everyone and their mother is there.
Like the jewish nerd.
i've never seen that sequence in my life
Aiden nobody’s getting fooled here.
surely we can’t redirect discord web link
i just saw my dad search up google and press the google link and then search
but only blocked me after i press "pay" 🤡
constraints suggest sqrt since they are really loose
it took like an hour
You intentionally reduced your state space.
can we get like justin or something to sponsor
you like slap yourself for each gf
nooo ritossa family was so funny
mod teachers don’t care if u skip school
this guy is not slick
lol ok im being trolled
Do not raise your eyebrow at me i am not the one reactring smirk emoji
for how many letters of the alphabet is the letter + LE a thing
the antii laksonen guy's bok
did u remind angus about segtree syndrome
it feels exactly like a cf question
nvm don’t ping me for inv
with metropolis hastings as acceptance probability
it was out of context
don't put spoilers even in spoiler tags
Which is on same day as seln, also at unsw, LOL.
i just realised that jerry is the only tutor who's name starts with a j
try bsearching the code
ok 34 is trivial ur right 😭
YOURE SUPPOSED TO CLICK THE SCREEN
how does trial exam 2 compare to the others
i don’t finish chem tests and i finish physics with plenty of spare time
that was completely unprovoked
There was ljke a full buffet
ehhh some biographies are peak
can i even do aio officially
But my dad couldn't solve it.
lol reserve is a social construct
actually ykw not that surprised
If you delete it's n^2.
make it like INFO or osmehting
have you met her irl
My dad says I should still read the booklet thing.
Justin give letters.
You're brain's pretty good.
but i cant imagine me trying to binary search an answer makes any sense
Kid *i* (1 <= i <= 1e5)?
I said my brother was running around saying he broke rsa.
from dec23 trial exam
hiiamphilip@philip.com
then as your mother i will link cut you from the family tree
oh my system time got messed up 💀
night walk is trivial?
most useless thing oat
what does that even mean
yiheng is number one
u realise no one has solved yet
if they keep cheating then they get ban
what were you interpreting it as 💀
lol like instant for loops?
it's actually me guys
Why is it not an antimetabole 😦
Well the answer is 1.
A premonition that has been confirmed
that wasnt the actual solution
oh discord works on roaming
some small expression
ok sure its "fair" but you get punished way more for having a bad alpha contest than a bad aiio contest
oh does blunderbot track big ones yet
what is it that goodd
it was wrong for candy
bruh how are you guys so good
or is input alr sorted
btw why is melbourne weather so cold
My way has less bigs
fight me, lesser awu
then just go straight to nutshells
I SCROLLED TO A FUNCTION
||i dont see why you would put walls on the top and bottom rows||
Surely amt got emails mixed up?
I deleted my script :(
like a bool is just a shit number
Where A[i] is 2^__builtin_ctz(i).
@Uasoni I think you can just try fixing every range to be the min.
It slightly matters for oo ig.
if i win andy will just revise his strat and farm me again while i sleep
What monsters are we talking abt.
💀 justin type headsolve?
You said smth abt it earlier.
seeing someone on ecstasy is not funny
what is a good rating
||jacques aura is too much 😭 😭 😭 ||
u overflowed it twice and broke the overflow mechanism
After enough joi problems reading comprehension ceases to be a big issue
@caterpillow https://discord.com/channels/1055076258825908244/1186123802430677093/1279847857322721383 help wtf is this
Bruh I could see the 310 but now I can't.
autocarroy is definitely more wrong that autocarrot
i can stop at any time i just choose not too
youre like, from different provinces probably
They call me nathan.
when would u ever need that
OK but I'm not getting two ioi wins am I 💀
Unlike you we are poor
i also have a problem fresh from my memory
Alex’s smart speech sounds like chatgpt
it's a hardcoded list of moves
because... i want my own computer...?
`pq.size()` is shorter than `!pq.empty()`
It was ioi24-miles+ioi25-ron+ioi23-jerry-miles+alexa
philip squint == philip close eyes
hyperbolic thingies is y7
contribution farming
and dont even start on english
So it should be at least as fast.
i'm always off by 50 sun
yep yall better lock in
bruh i didn't backread
uniskibidi of mew south wales
like not that good i'm poor also idc good specs bc i'm not a gamer
is this the same person
someone give me a random int please
yea resistance makes stuff resist coming apart (idk y6 me didnt know sicence terms)
my backends definitely have massive secuirity concerns
I brute forced question 1
There’s a tree promble?
Hint 40: #define int short
the lower the better
winton is too irrelevant
u just move the two out
Probs got taken down 😔
iota but in australia
for some reason certain local variables made the judge RE and moving them to global scope fixed it
mini tst to see who makes the actual tst 💀
how are you personifying a scratch project
@/// @Matthewwww https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/152235
JTEDXIT YOU DJJMBASS
You can also read hof after solving
why did you ping me asw 💀
yeah ik howto dothat
if it’s smaller than dirt then it can’t be dirty
like is this meant to be a subtree update
WHY ARE THERE FEET GROWING OUT OF THAT EMOJI'S HEAD.
what order?? @Matthewwww
once i couldn't get bluetooth to work on my pc, i spent many days troubleshooting until i realised i forgot to plug in one end of the like bluetooth cable when i was building the pc 🗿 🗿 🗿
lemme think some more
just spent half an hour debugging code where i used `a ^ 2` instead `a * a`
the betas all trolled
am i right in assuming that between elephants queries it can only change by 1
The only ones I havent impl’d are cf I did the rest on the plane
he did a dec 2022 trial exam 1 again?
~~meanwhile i'm running my code for 2hrs~~
It’s it’s like, not at the top, I just win.
idk what round square is that sounds scary
wtf the avalon problem is actually hard
i dont even know how to make a cake 💀
half of these are last year's potw
We walk into poles??
instead of putting "nothing"
?? why did olympiads@amt send henry's invitation to me 🤣
the degree would suit him a lot
@why does info hate me :(
`determine once and for all who truly a loyal servant of Arthur`
even the generator vs bf works
Does that make it one instruction?
i ask angus to make them
hopefully it's faster when run locally
pointer segtree is disgusting and i avoid it unless i can’t
~~ask the troll ones~~
Alex c’mon you can’t do that you were clearly typing.
rip justin hui meng goh
i’m not very sold matthew
Well it sounds like you want an array like data structure anyway
it's the sis sig figs that are annoying
If I have an unconventional loop I use while(true) and break 💀
I did not like that problem btw
shouldnt starting in the middle be better
u need to cram stuff into a small range cuz ur keys arent well defined
lol how do aiio/fario hms work
tutors told us "make mistakes in trial exam so you won't make them in actual contest" and i took that literally
what is the rest of the 63%
💀 why did he want an invite if he doesn't want to join
It's gonna be like [actual stuff] ignore everything outside this spoiler.
socially vigorous activities?
Give spot to austin or smth.
i have 7 problems that are not on annual
time to unleash my inner chinese and replace all 'the's with empty string
And thus everything has equal meaning
how do u win this game
and the enable_if_t is to sfinae strings
It’s just like a fat string of random numbers
I think I have enough space to host it
that was the only reason i considered when i decided whether or not to sch**lmaxx
That is a bandaid solution
ok my score counter works
add a bonus for problems with less than 5 solves
and we get rid of alpha / alpheta / beta / tutor
IS HE ANYTHING LIKE TARZAN.
ur thinking too much man
@Lithanium can we get new data 🥺 🥺 🥺
@Lithanium your 206'th is https://orac2.info/problem/6/
i should bribe josh to with bobas
Someone tried to hit me with that in dec
i swear i was purple yesterday
what other photos should we make into emojis
and i think u can induct with that
it seems like your mind was already set
theres like 2 minutes left sldkfjsdkfgjhdkflkx
but adding a third is bad
with the sample bot, i see
and people getting wined
Where are the stripes wtf?
oh yeah this years 24 game in enhancement math is gonna be so cooked
that's not very nice is it
i’m going to sleep on my desk
people r just overkilling the impl
FUCKKK I HAVE NOEL FOR DS
bruh my chinese research papers aren’t translating
the nz -> aus conversion probably assumes that u need 100% on everything to get high scores (since this istrue in vic)
The constraints given to you
long long is free anti time penalty technique
matthew this is ur final warning
if p(a|b’) = 4/5 and p(b) = 1/8 and p(a) = 4/5 what’s p(a and b)
Philip is getting a bit carried away.
i just want to know how my matchups against everyone should be expected to go
I would've died on that if there wasn't that constraint.
🤔 i have been manually doing my brick code formatting like a fool when i could have been automating it
and ignored a pretty major constraint
wait we need big on the goh
ahh i lost to daniel rayhan bin abdullah zain
unlike y’all i write a generator for every single question 🥶
dw i am way past double digits
His mum's credit card number 😔
are you ready to be burned at stack
BETRRR THN SLICDJED SERAHCBARS EVNR
what a beautiful name
I’m gonna go for a walk to try to solve going home
germany relocated to russia
AND ALSO WON BATTLECODE!!!!! :orz: :orz: :orz: :orz:
pegs grow from trees!
The above three items were distributed across two distinct ppl.
why do i have no orders to fill
2d lines are no longer lines
Is this like some cursed treap
Now that I think abt it string concat and list concat is sorta bs.
I just have a very strong allergy against reading
We should have a 1v1 system
That's why I had it.
So theres a hella disconnect between brain and screen
What does that mean?
i couldn't remember who else did the form
if the maximum "index" is only 1e6 then u might as well just use a regular segtree
Ye I think I did headsolve it in contest
and nullbot to be on where my name currently is
You stayed up until cf started once didn’t you
i honestly feel like seln is harder than ioi
it's the easiest thing ever
it's liek not even that bad
don't be fucking sexist nathan 🙄
lmao i realised I_Love_Nathan_Zhou and Nathan Zhou are going to be in the same IOI team next year
my idea *would have worked tho*
Sounds like you should be pinging @avalon instead.
but then u dont get type safety
no i’m just taking a train 💀
Guess how many were minr
Avg ioi team member writing a segtree
is that a thing they do?
wait is this generalised now
i thought it just mods
https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1229298820530180157.webp?size=160&quality=lossless
also am i allowed to use a quote as my global statement
theres at least no dumb stuff
😮 😮 rare temmie appearance??
it was made in covid times okay...
doesn't that create a vector of sz empty vectors
ok @georgec let’s skip blue
i don't know half the aio problems
tbh they're all like public access problems
u were doing schoolwork in the t4–1 holidays?
Doesn’t languages give you like 40.
I am bsearching cases for mail security this is so sad.
Did u just like pick smthing sus that sounds like an element
it’s up there with the guy who rickrolled rick astley himself
😨 amsg is 4/7 of amongus
https://github.com/Spu7Nix/SPWN-language
do u just make ur yac ratings whatever u feel like
Isn’t there like random robotics stuff
i am begging orz (caterpillow jsut came up) people like u to teach me differentiation
||Idea is, you find a range for each receiver right.||
E.g. ||fair meetings, jealousy 2||.
wait i need to retreat
I'm using ojuz anyways.
austin you are rapidly expanding my google doc of words i didn't know before
i will send to nathan
no but u can't pass through the same thing more than once
hopefully trump doesn't pull a korea
cheah why are you here
the sci one didnt get the title changed properly
But like not enough stardust
oi @// where is my confirmation
treap code differs by around 12 lines
what is henry doing 💀
im just helpinf for fun
thjey had some 5x gold medalist before
it’s his clash username
and u put a lower bound of 1 on it
u get river apio setup
were u marking it or something
curfew's extended tn
wtaf i wanna be in the cult too
matthews got the highest rate tho
What did I do wrong.
are chinese unis really that bad lol
even worse than suhas nagar
tl makes it run a lot faster than bytecode
WTF IS TRUTHFUL_FACE.
to not bomb my computer memory
the prophetic perfect tense is a literary technique used in the bible 😏
team selection test selection torture
i did most of asc q4 function equation tho
~~does this break amt coc~~
how do i invite summit back
Bruh at least use a different link
why tf does that just explode
Over time the metre becomes more worthless
LOLLL NO WAY THAT IS YOUR VOICE
Which is a directed edge
i alr took a screen shot
https://www.vcaa.vic.edu.au/Documents/exams/physicaledu/2023/2023physed-w.pdf
dude i am like kicking this guy 🦵 💥
Someone use their geoguessr premium to make a room
@WendidIask don’t be his gf
@Lithanium RECALCULATE THE SPREADSHEET
i spent my last one coding svg
I'm so confused are you for or against same file 💀
alexa should be getting 100 by now :(
Yeah i think i know how to fix that
ah, just like nathan and aiden's "pre-emptive stealing" in self-defence
what about mini :ymq:
can u give more details 💀
hmm idt template helps much for animations tho
liek u have an edge from source to the out node
nsw is pretty even i think
why do you want github education anyway
i have no anti-99.95-ppl sentiment
why does no one lay other people
gun buyback scheme where they take your gun and reforge the metal into swords
how much is the server costing you
theres no embargo right
Nah it’s fine I figured out a log^2 solution
like a merge sort tree
should i do highlights
bruh icpc escape is the same as boi jobs
i gave all the tutors admin tho
Somehow ifl the ppl who wrote art class are the same ppl who came up with this 💀
did you attend the alt lecture
;ALKJSDFL;KAJSFDLK;FFJDASLK;FDJASKL;FADSJ;KLAFJ;DSJLK;FADSJLK;FDASLKJ;AFDS
that's his glasses 😭
grrr how is my phone downloading like .1 mb/s
I’m doing it in scratch
i changed my stance on bit operations
it's literally an alpha problem
Up and down goes by 5 lines
Idk how you do that.
that would be so chill
isn't that just gifting them nitro???
amongus makes some grapes
https://tenor.com/view/zummylicious-gif-24382226
it is necessary for me to pass my chem exam tmrw 😭
yeah unfortunately i didn't account for the fact that, other than olympiad nerds, the scope of who would be answering this form would largely be "friends of olympiad nerds", so the non-oly people would still hear "i buy" frequently, probably by their 1 oly friend --> submit 5 because funny
GOERYGYG YORUER SO RIGHT
NUH UH I HAVE PROBLEMS
sem2 is ~~calculus~~ introductory differential equations+multivariable calculus
i am not #1 anymore 😢
what probnmle is that
ok but it also doesnt make sense if the swrod is just a normal length right
most of the wtf's are justin just being entirely wrong, not overkilling
that makes a lot more sense
Brandon Wang and Claire Zhang
were u not supposed to
bruh i was cooking up some justin level shit
And ignore the non tree edges.
to have recursive banning
smurfing aio and still mogging everyone
my default lang is python
results on amt website
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
There’s also oil spill
My solution is just infinite state explosion.
they don't just all go in a circle
@justin_g_20 if you’re so good why do you play house chess and get cooked instead of house esports
Who gave me this again.
i am so sigma at threatening people
why are you scoring for the other player 💀
That's not your rand?
frick u maybe it’s not acio time
;hitlist meisean2009 user
does reserve get free ticket
was my question ever answered
have u heard of the dsu one
My debug statement is so buffed rn
im boutta sign up for tafe
The mod is the only toxic bit
I would go if there wasn't so much overhead.
can i put "sigma rizzler"
no way it executes that fast tho
Can you not change it yourself.
wait shit now im gonna get stalked by olivia 💀
It already told you no e.
Don't threaten me or I'll tell everyone your credit card number!
sending u all the way back
It's not your fault that msgs used the sol to mixed signals.
info camp :orz: :orz: :orz:
At some point your brain will click and you'll realise how stupid you are.
andy get over here we can create some A
well at least you get food delivery in contest
She's actually so good
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT.
im actually learning so much
ok lemme make another one
i am so good at school
wait do all non cursed binary operations have identities
i can get >=50% of the betas
And then find the stuff that goes on top of the factors.
Theres no way past the shallows is complex enough to be analysed as a lit text
where it takes u to a game
amt is culling all the people i'm scared of
